Making Connections with Smart Logistics|Find out how Huawei saved millions by revamping its logistics to achieve a smart, efficient supply chain through digital transformation.
Huawei’s Digital Workplace: The Power of Connections|Only a smart office can optimize the output of its staff deliver smart results for partners and customers. Find out how Huawei embarked on implementing its Digital Workplace.
Changing the Face of Industry with Connectivity|GE and Huawei have teamed up to help manufacturers cut downtime with a predictive maintenance solution based on industrial cloud. GE Digital VP Abhi Kunte explains the details.
Huawei Joins Hands with PCITC to Embrace Smart Factory 2.0|Traditional technologies no longer meet the needs of enterprises. However, the advent of the Industry 4.0 era and the rise of smart manufacturing are bringing great hopes for energy conservation and emission reduction for the Earth.
Yanbu Industrial City: Smart City in the Oil Kingdom|In line with ‘Vision 2030,’ the Royal Commission for Yanbu (RCY) decided to take the lead in addressing the Yanbu industrial city challenges by constructing the Smart Yanbu Industrial City, to create industrial clusters, enhance collaboration between industries, expand business diversification, improve investment environments, and enhance competitiveness.
P&G: Making the Ordinary Extraordinary with Mobile|The multinational consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble (P&G) uses mobile technology to deliver an amazing customer experience. P&G Europe CEO Gary Coombe explains how.
ABB Leads the Industrial Digitalization Charge|ABB and Huawei have teamed up to solve manufacturing
Spain’s Rivas-Vaciamadrid Enhances Smart City ‘Nervous System’ Functions with Huawei eLTE Broadband Solution|In front of a school gate in the city of Rivas-Vaciamadrid, a child was missing,Less than half an hour later,the police officer in Rivas found the child by using eLTE Broadband Trunking Solution.How did they do that?
Huawei Agile POL Helps Enel Push Forward Sustainability and Digitization|Enel decided to find new ways to deliver smarter, faster, and more economical OA services, with simpler deployment, and less space and energy. To tackle the problem, Huawei proposed a Passive Optical LAN (POL) solution based on GPON technology.
Dunhuang: On the Silk Road with smart tourism and big data|Unlike other smart cities that focus on urban governance and services, smart tourism lies at the heart of Dunhuang's smart city model.
issues the smart way with robotics, sensors, and wireless solutions.
DHL: Adding Digital Logic to Logistics|With more than 350,000 employees operating in 220 countries and territories, DHL leads the world in logistics. Dr. Markus Voss, CIO and COO of DHL Supply Chain, explains how digital transformation can forge processes that will help the freight giant continue to deliver on its slogan: “Excellence. Simply delivered.
Huawei Partners with Dubai Airports to Build a Smart Airport|The MDCC at DXB represents an innovative masterpiece jointly created by Dubai Airports, Huawei, and other players in the ecosystem. The MDCC meets the information infrastructure requirements specified DXB Plus, helping Dubai Airports to achieve stable and efficient operations, as well as digital and cloud-based business over the next ten years.
Shaping Urban Perfection with Government Cloud|The perfect city – one that’s both highly livable and business friendly – is a simple aspiration that’s been around since ancient times. With today's technology, the true smart city is within reach.
Thailand PEA’s Digital Transformation Starts from the IP-Based Evolution of its Transmission and Transformation Network
Sanlian Hope: Powering smart manufacturing with AI|Sanlian Hope believes that AI technology, powered by Huawei Cloud, will accelerate the company’s shift to smart manufacturing.
How big data and AI will transform Shenzhen Airport|When flights are delayed at Shenzhen Airport, more than 8,000 passengers can be stuck waiting at the same time. So how did the airport respond?
Yunlu Technology: Making construction safe with AI|To ensure construction safety, Wang Changxin,Yunlu Technology CEO explains how Yunlu analyzes data to discover potential construction problems and minimize quality and safety incidents.
Huawei's Own Digital Transformation|Huawei has achieved digital transformation in nine core business domains, the best practices of which can in turn be passed on to enterprises.
Explore the Source of 100 Years of Driving Pleasure|In a seemingly ordinary exhibition hall of the BMW Museum, visitors are surrounded by design walls displaying the work photos and design experience of car designers and engineers. The people and vehicle models shown may come from different centuries but their work philosophies have a lot in common, and provide us insights into the source of 100 years driving pleasure.
Tianjin Smart City Improves Economies and Lives|Over its 34-year history, TEDA has focused exclusively on investment promotion and the development of enterprise services. In terms of today’s industrial footprint, the area now hosts more than 37,000 international corporations, including more than 200 members of the Fortune Global 500, such as Motorola and Samsung. Each of these companies is an active contributor to the economic health of the TEDA region.
Bringing the Digital World to Cape Verde Archipelago, North Atlantic|It is evident that the construction of Cape Verde’s eGovernment cloud is a necessary step for government, education, medical institutions, and enterprises in Cape Verde to enter a smart world.
MGI: The power of AI and genetic sequencing|Dr. Jiang Hui is chief operating officer of MGI and vice president of BGI Research. She explained to us how gene sequencing technology can help solve practical issues in precision medicine, describing how innovations in digital technology – such as AI, 5G, and cloud computing – can help transform the medical industry.
ICBC (Asia) makes cross-border banking easy|The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) started its cross-border renminbi business in 2013 and has since achieved double-digit growth in its business. How has it made such impressive progress?
Adding up the Gains with Turkcell’s TV+|Turkcell grew its TV+ subscriber base to 1.4 million in just two years. CMO Ismail Butun explains why and how video is the Turkish telco's new growth catalyst.
Sichuan Telecom: All-seeing with All-Optical|Sichuan Telecom’s all-optical network has slashed OPEX, lowered broadband prices, and solved the problem of running multiple parallel networks. The China Telecom subsidiary sought to bridge the digital divide, resulting in a scheme that’s a globally relevant example of delivering universal broadband services.
A Cloudy View from the Fragrant Harbor|In Hong Kong, where mobile penetration is 230%, site costs come at a premium and service expectations are high. China Mobile Hong Kong brought its A game to cloud transformation. Here's how.
Telecom Argentina: Transforming into 2020 with Cloud|Active in fixed services, personal mobile services, and Nucleo mobile services, Telecom Argentina is the largest integrated operator in the nation of just over 44 million, generating the highest ARPU value and income in the market.
Henan Unicom Gets Enterprising with Distributed Cloud Data Centers|Distributed DCs and reusing equipment rooms are the key to Henan Unicom's B2B gains and cloud transformation with Huawei. Find out more.
SkyRail: BYD's Silver Bullet for Urban Congestion|Traffic jams and long commutes aren’t new ─ but SkyRail is. BYD’s Chairman and President Wang Chuanfu reveals where the company is at with one of its “Four Green Dreams ”and how the company has made a strong start in the transportation space.
A New Cash Cow in the Dairy Field|For telcos, there are several IoT business models to choose from. Find out how China Telecom has picked the most profitable in the area of dairy farming with its product UCOWS.
Weifang Smart City Lights the Way ahead for China|Find out how this ancient city is making smart IoT moves with pioneering initiatives and shaping up to be true smart city.
Deutsche Telekom: Best-in-Class Experience|Deutsche Telekom ramped up its profits by 5.6% in 2016. How is the German telco building on this? CTO Bruno Jacobfeuerborn talks content, cloud and convergence.
HSBC Puts Partnership and Data at the Heart of Digitalization|Data will drive the future of financial services. Find out how HSBC is approaching digital transformation and the emergence of Fintechs.
China Insurance Giant CPIC Steps into the Digital Era|CPIC and Huawei are deepening cooperation in multiple fields, including data center and enterprise cloud construction, big data, artificial intelligence, and digital security.
China Southern Power Grid: Energy supply gets smart with AI|Given the burgeoning demand for power in southern China, smart energy solutions are a must. Find out how China Southern Power Grid is deploying AI to take on keys tasks and ensure homes remain lit and businesses powered.
Protecting the rainforest, together with AI|RFCx have been amazed by Huawei’s incredible AI technology. It is clear that the collaboration with Huawei AI is having major impact on ecological protection, completely transforming the operations of those working hard to save our rainforests and its wildlife.
Smart Logistics Leads Us to a Brighter Future|SF DHL Supply Chain China (SF DHL) and Huawei jointly developed a campus yard management solution and an innovative RFID solution. With the campus yard management solution put in place, there was a real-time perception of the campus yard status and the associated scheduling.
Smart mining: Extracting the power of AI|With one-third of its underground land mass covered with coal deposits, coal mining is the lifeblood of China’s Shanxi province, providing half of its revenue and 1 in 20 jobs. However, the industry is traditionally dirty, dangerous, and inefficient. Now that’s starting to change with the AI-powered Mine Brain solution.
Turkish Airlines Soars on a New Digital Journey|As part of its continuous innovation, the Turkish airline has begun a radical digital transformation to strengthen its position as a leading international airline. With this in mind, let's take a look at its story of transformation.
Saving the rainforest by listening|RFCx is working with a complex set of technologies to help protect the rainforest. RFCx creates solar powered audio monitoring systems called Guardians. These Guardians use old Huawei cellphones as the heart of their system.
Rustenburg: World Platinum Capital Deploys Smart City ‘Gold Mine’|The Rustenburg Smart City project aimed to address these challenges using digital information technologies. By improving public safety and civic participation, this project will enhance living standards and facilitate enterprise development.
Powering up Macau with smart grids|Macau enjoys a rich 450 years of history and remains a popular tourist destination. Today, its power industry continues to make an outstanding contribution to the city’s prosperity and will form a key aspect of its transition into a smart city.
China Mobile: Making call waiting profitable with video
Three UK: From building capacity to sci-fi
