NEWS | NOV 25, 2019|Etisalat and Huawei Complete Industry's First Trial of Compact Optical Cross-Connect|Etisalat, the UAE-based telecommunications services provider, has worked with Huawei to complete the first trial of compact all-optical cross-connect (OXC)...
NEWS | NOV 22, 2019|Huawei Intelligent Computing Shines at Slush 2019|Huawei Intelligent Computing showed its full-stack, all scenario AI solutions and AI ecosystem strategy in Europe at the Slush 2019 conference in Helsinki, November 19|20.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2019|Building a shared industrial ecosystem for 5G|China has what it takes to deliver the world's best 5G, and the whole world is enjoying the benefits provided by China's 5G" was a key message delivered by Huawei Rotating Chairman Eric Xu at the World 5G Convention (Nov 2023) in Beijing.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2019|Huawei Customers Win Digital Transformation Award and Six Finalist Awards at SCEWC 2019|At the ninth Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC), two of Huawei's key customers won prestigious digital transformation awards...
NEWS | NOV 20, 2019|Huawei’s Horizon Digital Platform for Cities to Build Fully Connected Intelligent City|The ninth Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) is held in Barcelona from November 19 to 21, 2019.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2019|Aiming for a Vibrant Kunpeng Computing Industry, Huawei Announces Data Infrastructure Strategy and the Open Sourcing of Its Data Virtualization Engine HetuEngine|Today, at the 2019 Global Intelligent Data Infrastructure Forum hosted by Huawei in Shenzhen, Huawei announced the launch of its data infrastructure strategy, as well as the decision to open source its data virtualization engine called HetuEngine.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2019|Huawei's Gigabit VR ONT Wins VR/AR Innovation Award at 2019 World Conference on VR Industry|Huaweis gigabit VR ONT products have won the VR/AR Innovation Award at the 2019 World Conference on VR Industry.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2019|Barcelona City Council and Huawei Sign Intent Agreement to Collaborate on Technology Development Projects|Huawei and the Barcelona City Council have signed a Letter of Intention (LoI) to collaborate in facilitating investment for innovative new technology projects in the city.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2019|Intelligent Connectivity Is the Catalyst for Fresh GDP Growth, According to Huawei Global Connectivity Index 2019 Report|As AI-infused Intelligent Connectivity begins to have a meaningful impact on the digital economy and sparks a tipping point for digital transformation, a key finding of Huaweis GCI 2019 is that countries with GCI scores over 65 that have made continuous investment in Intelligent Connectivity can expect it to boost GDP by more than 1%.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2019|Huawei and Catalyst Project Partners Win Award at TM Forum Digital Transformation Asia 2019|Huawei and its partners have won the Outstanding Use of TM Forum Assets Award for the TM Forum Catalyst Project App Trading Marketplace: A Framework for CSP Collaboration at the TM Forum Digital Transformation Asia (DTA) in Kuala Lumpur.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2019|Safaricom and Huawei Receive Prestigious Most Innovative Service Award at AfricaCom 2019|Safaricom and Huawei have jointly received the prestigious Most Innovative Service, the Business of Tomorrow award at AfricaCom 2019 in Cape Town.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2019|Huawei's 5G MEC Solution Wins Wireless Innovation Award at the WCA Ceremony|Huawei's 5G MEC solution won the Wireless Innovation Award at the 21st World Communication Award Ceremony held in London by Total Telecom, a world-renowned international telecommunications media company.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2019|Huawei Advances AI Strategy in Russia, Propelling AI Ecosystem to New Levels|Recently, AI Journey kicked off in the Expocentre in Moscow, Russia.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2019|Huawei Releases HUAWEI SmartCare® BOE Solution|HUAWEIs SmartCareBOE (Business Operations Enablement) was introduced at the TM Forum Digital Transformation Asia (TM Forum DTA) conference in Kuala Lumpur, November 12|14 for global carrier representatives, industry consulting companies and ecosystem partners.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2019|European Service Partner StorTrec Signs MoU with Huawei Intelligent Computing|Huawei and StorTrec AG have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to advance support service for Huawei's intelligent computing business.
NEWS | NOV 11, 2019|Guangdong Provincial Traffic Group and Huawei Jointly Build High-Speed Optical Channels, Accelerating the Implementation of ETC Free-Flow Tolling|Guangdong Provincial Traffic Group recently announced that it will work with Huawei to build a backbone transmission network that covers Guangdong Province's expressway system.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2019|Huawei AUTIN Wins GLOTEL Automation|Initiative of the Year Award|Huawei had received the Automation Initiative of the Year award for a collaboration project with Celcom Axiata Berhad, a Malaysian telecommunications provider, on Intelligent Operation Services (AUTIN), at the 7th Global Telecom Awards （GLOTEL Awards), held in London, United Kingdom on 7 November 2019.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2019|Huawei Single Voice Core Wins Two Awards at Voice & Advanced Communications Summit|Huawei's Single Voice Core solution was awarded the "Best 5G Voice Solution" and "Communications Innovator of the Year" at the Voice|Advanced Communications Summit held in Berlin, November 5-6, 2019.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2019|Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness Visits Huawei Headquarters in Shenzhen|Jamaican Prime Minister, Mr. Andrew Holness, visited Huaweis Shenzhen ICT Industry Exhibition and Digital Transformation Exhibition Halls, and held talks with Mr. Peng Zhongyang, Board Member at Huawei, along with other company executives.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2019|Huawei Launches AI Ecosystem Program in Europe, with 100M Euros Investment in 5 Years|At HUAWEI ECO-CONNECT EUROPE 2019, Huawei officially released the AI Ecosystem Program in Europe and announced an investment of 100 million euros in the next 5 years.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2019|In Europe, For Europe: Huawei Build Alliances for the Intelligent Era|Huawei held its eco-Connect Europe 2019 conference in Paris, France, November 4th and 5th with the theme "Enable a DigitALL Connected Future."
NEWS | NOV 04, 2019|Huawei invites developers to Share the ‘golden opportunity’ offered by 5G|Speaking during the opening keynote of Web Summit, Guo Ping, Huaweis Rotating Chairman, encouraged the global developer community to take advantage of the golden opportunity offered by 5G combined with other technologies.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2019|Huawei's Four Initiatives to Help Europe Enhance Innovation Leadership|Huawei's Director of the Board and President of the Institute of Strategic Research, William Xu, called upon European leaders to enhance the region's leadership in innovation through four initiatives.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2019|Huawei Receives TSIA Rated Outstanding Assisted Support EMEA Certification|Huawei Enterprise has received the prestigious Rated Outstanding Assisted Support EMEA certification from TSIA|the leading association for technology and services organizations.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2019|Huawei’s commitment to Europe delivers billions in economic benefits|HUAWEI, the worlds leading ICT provider, boosted Europes economy by 12.8 billion through its economic activity in 2018, supporting 169,700 jobs either directly or through the supply chain, according to a study by Oxford Economics.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2019|Türk Telekom and Huawei Set World Record for Single User 5G Speed|Trk Telekom working with Huawei in a live 5G test network has achieved a single user 5G smartphone speed above 2.92 Gbps, breaking the world record in this field.
NEWS | NOV 01, 2019|CAS-Visual-Dimension and Huawei Sign MoU for "5G+Cultural Tourism" Strategic Cooperation|CAS-Visual-Dimension and Huawei have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for strategic cooperation on 5G+cultural tourism.
NEWS | OCT 31, 2019|Huawei 5G MEC Solution Won 2018-2019 Communications Industry Innovative Solution Award|The Huawei 5G MEC solution won the "2018-2019 China Communications Industry Innovative Solution" award at the 2019 PT Expo for its continuous innovation in technical solutions and outstanding contributions to the industry.
NEWS | OCT 29, 2019|Huawei Initiates Wi-Fi 6 Pilot Project to Embrace the Future of Learning|At the Wireless Global Congress (WGC) held by the Wireless Broadband Alliance (WBA), Huawei announced a groundbreaking Wi-Fi 6 pilot.
NEWS | OCT 28, 2019|Huawei WLAN Recognized as Strong Performer in the Emerging Wireless Market|Huawei's WLAN has been recognized as a Strong Performer in The Forrester New WaveTM: Wireless Solutions, Q3 2019 report by Forrester Research, Inc. and is among the top-ranked in the current offering category.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2019|Huawei Recognized as an October 2019 Gartner Peer Insights Customers' Choice for Data Center Networking|Huawei was named an October 2019 Gartner Peer Insights Customers' Choice for Data Center Networking.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2019|IHS Markit: Huawei Router Ranks First in Carrier Market|HS Markit, an authoritative international research institute, released a report on the global market share of routers in the first half of 2019. Huawei routers ranked first in the carrier market.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2019|Huawei Releases Eight Categories of 5G Commercial Use Cases|At the 10th Global Mobile Broadband Forum (Global MBBF), Huawei Wireless X Labs released Eight Categories of 5G Commercial Use Cases white paper.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2019|Huawei Explores AI and Data Protection Challenges and Responses with Data Regulators|The 41st International Conference of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners (ICDPPC), themed "Convergence and Connectivity, Raising Global Data Protection Standards in the Digital Age", was hosted in Tirana, the capital of Albania.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2019|Huawei and Partners Placed Among the Best at 5G Application Contest|The finals were recently held for the second "Zhanfang Cup " 5G application contest in Hangzhou.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2019|Optical Network Alliance Established to Promote Industry Prosperity Through Cross-Domain Cooperation|The All-Optical Campus Industry Summit in Beijing focusing on the theme "World of Optical Connectivity, Future of Smart Convergence" has announced the launch of the Optical Network Alliance (ONA).
NEWS | OCT 22, 2019|Huawei Unveils iSitePower-T Open Road Tolling Solution at ITS World Congress 2019|The ITS World Congress 2019 is held in Singapore from October 21 to 25. Under the theme of "Digital Road, Smart Mobility", Huawei is working to explore the digital transformation and technological innovation of the transportation industry.
NEWS | OCT 21, 2019|World's First 8x8 MIMO Outdoor CPE Commercialized for Maximum LTE Network Value, Assuring Gb/s Experience|Huawei announced the commercial availability of the world's first 8x8 MIMO LTE outdoor CPE (customer-premises equipment) B3368.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2019|Huawei Launches 5G-oriented Efficient Automatic Service Provisioning Solution WTTx Suite 2.0|Huawei launched a 5G-oriented efficient automatic service provisioning solution, WTTx Suit 2.0, at the 10th Mobile Broadband Forum.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2019|Huawei Released 5G Microwave SuperHUB Solution to Build an Efficient and Simplified 5G Network|In 2019 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei released SuperHUB, an innovative 5G microwave solution with simplified architecture to improve the spectrum efficiency and enables high bandwidth for aggregation sites.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2019|Huawei PremiumWi-Fi Solution Helps Thailand's 3BB Launch Its First Smart Mesh Service|Thailands 3BB (Triple T Broadband) has just launched the world's first "Smart Mesh" service. Using Huawei's PremiumWi-Fi home network solution
NEWS | OCT 17, 2019|Huawei SingleFAN Pro Solution Named Best Fixed Access Solution at the Broadband World Forum|At the 2019 Broadband World Forum (BBWF) award ceremony, Huawei SingleFAN Pro solution was named the Best Fixed Access Solution in recognition of its E2E innovations supporting smooth upgrade from GPON to 10G PON, simplified ODN deployment, and optimized home Wi-Fi experience.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Releases 4G/5G FWA Broadband White Paper|Huawei released the 4G/5G FWA Broadband White Paper at the 10th Global Mobile Broadband Forum. Fixed wireless access (FWA) enables fixed broadband connections by leveraging wireless networks.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Proposed an Autonomous Driving Network Strategy, an Architecture Innovation Tackling Structural Challenges of the Telecom Industry|With the development of telecom networks and AI technologies, the industry has reached consensus that networks will become more intelligent.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Releases the LTE&NR Coordination Solution, Significantly Improves 5G Era Network Efficiency and User Experience|Huawei released the LTENR coordination solution at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2019 (MBBF2019).
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Unveils the Latest 5G Full-Series Solutions|At the 2019 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Edward Deng, President of Huawei's Wireless Solution, unveiled Huawei's latest 5G full-series solution.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Announces Shipment of over 400,000 5G Active Antenna Units|During a keynote speech delivered at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2019, Ryan Ding, Huawei Executive Director of the Board and President of Carrier BG, noted that among consumers, households, and vertical industries, there is a real and urgent demand for 5G.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei's SingleFAN Pro Brings All Industries into the Full-Fiber Gigabit Era|During the 2019 Broadband World Forum (BBWF), Jeffrey Zhou, President of Huawei Access Network Product Line, delivered a keynote speech in which he elaborated on the innovative SingleFAN Pro solution
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Jointly Achieved 1st Commercial 5G 3D Network Deployment in Europe|Sunrise, the leading Swiss operator, joined Huawei in announcing the successful achievement of the first commercial 5G three-dimensional network in Europe.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei Announces Q3 2019 Business Results|Huawei today announced its business results for the third quarter of 2019.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2019|Huawei, HKT, and GSA Jointly Release the Indoor 5G Scenario Oriented White Paper|During the 2019 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei, HKT, and GSA jointly release the Indoor 5G Scenario Oriented White Paper.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|ZPMC, Vodafone, China Mobile and Huawei Jointly Release 5G Smart Port White Paper|At 2019 Globe Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF 2019), Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Company (ZPMC), Vodafone, China Mobile and Huawei jointly released 5G Smart Port White Paper.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Announced Multiple 5G Indoor Deployments in Switzerland|Recently, Sunrise and Huawei jointly announced 5G indoor deployments in multiple venues including Sunrise shops, hotels and an exhibition hall.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|Huawei Calls for a Fresh Mindset to Speed up 5G Development|At the 10th annual Mobile Broadband Forum held today in Zurich, Huawei Deputy Chairman Ken Hu outlined the current status of 5G development around the world.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|Zain KSA Launches 5G Network in Partnership with Huawei|Zain KSA, one of the leading telecom groups in the Middle East region and a prominent player in Saudi Arabias telecom space, has further strengthened its leading position in bringing innovative solutions to the Kingdom by launching 5G services across the country via its Huawei-powered 5G network.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|Huawei Promotes Open Site with Partners at Global MBBF 2019, Targeting Greater Openness|At the 2019 Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF 2019), Huawei held the 3rd Open Site Industry Roundtable to promote policy support for site approval simplification and site ecosystem development while opening up necessary devices information.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2019|Fifth-Generation Fixed Network Boosting the Gigabit Industry|Today, at the 2019 Broadband World Forum Gigaband Industry Summit, ETSI, CAICT, Wi-Fi Alliance, well-known analyst firm Ovum, and multiple mainstream operators around the world held intense discussions on how to leverage the fifth-generation fixed network to promote the global gigabit ecosystem.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2019|Huawei and the University of Edinburgh Release 5G Network enabled Robotics Applications White Paper|Huawei and the University of Edinburgh jointly release the 5G Network enabled Robotics Applications white paper at this years Global Mobile Broadband Forum in Zurich, elaborating on the roles of 5G and Network enabled Robotics Applications.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Open the First European 5G Joint Innovation Center|Working together with its strategic partner Huawei, Sunrise has built the leading 5G network in Europe.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2019|Huawei Announces 5G OpenLab in the Middle East at GITEX 2019|During GITEK 2019, Huawei has announced its plan to launch the Huawei 5G OpenLab in the Middle East.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2019|Huawei releases Blade Antenna enabling flexible antenna evolution in the 5G era|Huawei recently released its Blade Antenna to help network operators speed their evolution towards the 5G era.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2019|Huawei NetEngine 8000 Series Routers Win 2019 Frost & Sullivan Global Service Router New Product Innovation Leadership Award|Huawei's NetEngine 8000 Series routers received the "Global Service Router New Product Innovation Leadership Award" from Frost|Sullivan, a renowned consulting firm, at the Excellence in Best Practices Awards Gala.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2019|Frost & Sullivan Recognizes Huawei with 2019 Technology Leadership Award in Global Smart Modular Data Center Industry|Frost|Sullivan, a global consulting firm, presented the 2019 Technology Leadership Award in the Global Smart Data Center Industry to Huawei.
NEWS | OCT 09, 2019|3.67Gbps, Sunrise and Huawei Set Record in 5G Network Speed|Sunrise and Huawei have achieved a top speed of 3.67Gbps downlink with multiple 5G smartphones in one 5G cell in Zrich.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2019|Huawei Releases 5G Antenna White Paper to Unveil 3 Major Industry Trends|Huawei released 5G Antenna White Paper at the 8th Global Antenna Technology|Industry Forum that is taking place in Amsterdam.
NEWS | OCT 03, 2019|Maxis forges ahead in 5G race with landmark network agreement with Huawei|In a significant step towards superior connectivity for Malaysia, Maxis and Huawei Technologies Malaysia (Huawei) today signed an agreement for the provisioning of 5G network in the country.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2019|Notice on Rotating Chairman Tenure|In accordance with Huawei's Rotating Chairman system, Mr. Xu Zhijun (Eric Xu) will assume the position of Rotating and Acting Chairman of Huawei from October 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. During his term, Mr. Xu will serve as the company's top leader, and head the Board of Directors and its Executive Committee.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2019|Huawei's BusinessPON Private Line Solution Helps China Telecom Shanghai Build Gigabit Enterprise Private Lines|Recently, China Telecom (Shanghai) announced that it will adopt Huawei's BusinessPON private line solution to build gigabit private lines for small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), a latest move to help enterprises to go digital and various industries to prosper.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2019|4 Times capacity, Reaching 13KM, India Bharti and Huawei complete 5G microwave enhanced MIMO joint innovation|Bharti India and Huawei jointly started innovation for enhanced MIMO solution of 5G microwave.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2019|Global ICT Energy Efficiency Summit Fosters the Development of the 5G Network Energy Industry|At the Global ICT Energy Efficiency Summit held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, Huawei explored energy evolution trends, strategies, and solutions in the 5G era with industry elites.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2019|AIOps Catalyst Program Wins TM Forum Award for “Outstanding Contribution to TM Forum Assets”|Phase II of the AIOps Catalyst Program AI for IT|Network Operations, of which Huawei is a key participant, has won the Outstanding Contribution to TM Forum Assets award for generating relevant outcomes and deliverables on AI management standards and best practices.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2019|Huawei Unveils the Industry's First Fully Containerized 5G Core Network|The first 5G Core Summit was held in Madrid, Spain.
NEWS | SEP 24, 2019|Huawei Intelligent Computing and Evernex Sign MOU|Evernex and Huawei signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on Huawei's intelligent computing business during HUAWEI CONNECT 2019 in Shanghai.
NEWS | SEP 24, 2019|Huawei 5G MEC Solution Won the "Best Edge Computing Technology" Award|Huawei's 5G MEC solution won the Best Edge Computing Technology award at the Edge Computing Congress held in London.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2019|Haier, Mstar, China Mobile, and Huawei Jointly Launch the World's First "5G+Machine Vision" Solution for Smart Factory|Haier, Mstar, China Mobile, and Huawei jointly launched the world's first "5G+machine vision" solution for smart factory at Huawei Connect 2019.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2019|Huawei Launches the AirFlash 5G Microwave Enterprise Solution for Efficient Industry Connections|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei launched the AirFlash 5G Microwave enterprise solution.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2019|China Eastern Airlines, Beijing Unicom, and Huawei Beijing Launch 5G Smart Travel System|China Eastern Airlines, China Unicom Beijing, and Huawei joined to launch a 5G smart travel service system at Beijing Daxing International Airport.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2019|Huawei Releases Developer Program 2.0 for Developer Ecosystem Construction|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei announced an investment of USD 1.5 billion in the next 5 years as part of its Developer Program 2.0. The goal is to partner with enterprises and individual developers to build the ecosystem of the computing industry.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2019|Huawei Announces GaussDB Golden Seeds Development Program for Academia|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, David Wang, Executive Director of the Board and President of ICT Strategy|Marketing, gave a speech at the summit in the Shanghai World Expo Exhibition|Convention Center.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2019|Huawei Reveals Intelligent Campus Ecosystem Plan, Collaborating with the Industry to Win a Trillion-Yuan Market|During HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei introduced its Intelligent Campus Ecosystem Plan and the intelligent HiCampus solution jointly developed with partners for enterprise customers in China and beyond.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2019|Huawei Releases "Thinking Ahead About AI Security and Privacy Protection" White Paper|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei released the Thinking Ahead About AI Security and Privacy Protection white paper.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2019|HUAWEI CLOUD Releases 43 Cloud Services powered by Ascend to Accelerate Enterprise Intelligence|On the second day of HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei officially announced the release of 43 Cloud Services powered by Ascend processors.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2019|Huawei Adds Ascend-based Atlas Series Products and Cloud Services to Its Full-Stack All-Scenario AI Solutions|At this year's annual HUAWEI CONNECT, Huawei launched its Atlas series of products and 43 cloud services based on Ascend processors with powerful computing capabilities.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2019|Huawei Unveils Next-Generation Intelligent Product Strategy and New +AI Products|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei unveiled its next-generation intelligent product strategy and new +AI products for the enterprise market.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2019|UNESCO East Africa and Huawei Sign MoU|to Improve Digital Skills and AI Capabilities|At HUAWEI CONNECT, UNESCO Regional Office for Eastern Africa and Huawei announced they would collaborate to enhance digital skills and the application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
NEWS | SEP 18, 2019|Huawei's Ken Hu: Digital inclusion – Leaving no one behind|"Digital inclusion means using digital technology to promote inclusive development and leaving no person, home, or organization behind."
NEWS | SEP 18, 2019|Huawei announces computing strategy and releases Atlas 900, the world's fastest AI training cluster|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2019, Huawei announced its strategy for the computing market and released Atlas 900, the world's fastest AI training cluster.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2019|rain and Huawei Jointly Announce the 5G Provisioning to Selected Users in South Africa|Recently, South Africa's mobile data network operator rain and Huawei jointly announced the commissioning of Africa first commercial 5G network.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2019|Huawei Elected a Chairman Unit of the 5G Deterministic Networking Alliance on the First Conference|The first 5G deterministic networking alliance conference was held in Shanghai.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2019|Huawei Wins ‘Energy Smart Award’ at DCD 2019 Singapore|At the Datacenter Dynamics Asia Pacific Awards 2019, Huawei is delighted to announce that Huawei Langfang Cloud Data Center iCooling Project won the Energy Smart Award for its contribution in energy optimization and conservation.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei enter into strategic partnership with Agroscope for 5G farm|Sunrise, Huawei and Agroscope have signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) for a 5G farm.
NEWS | SEP 16, 2019|Huawei Single Voice Core Won the "Most Innovative NFV or SDN Solution" Award|Huawei Single Voice Core won the "Most Innovative NFV or SDN Solution" award at the Network Virtualization|SDN Asia 2019 Summit in Singapore.
NEWS | SEP 16, 2019|IDC MarketScape names Huawei a Leader in Worldwide Network Consulting Services|A recent report by IDC, titled IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Network Consulting Services 2019 Vendor Assessment (Doc # US44532219, July 2019), positions Huawei as a Leader in the network consulting service market.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2019|Huawei Scoops Sustainable Impact Award at ITU 2019|Huawei's Green 5G Power solution won the Global Industry Award for Sustainable Impact at this year's ITU Telecom World Awards Ceremony in Budapest.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2019|Huawei Releases Intelligent DCI Technical White Paper|Huawei recently released the industry's first Intelligent DCI Technical White Paper, which comprehensively describes the challenges faced by data center interconnect (DCI) in the enterprise cloud era, proposes ideas and key technologies for the evolution of DCI towards intelligence, and describes the latest research achievements.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2019|China Mobile, CAS-VISION, and Huawei Show Industry’s First|Kunpeng-Enabled 5G MEC+Cultural Tourism Project|China Mobile, CAS-VISION and Huawei have unveiled the industry's first commercial 5G MEC+cultural tourism project based on Huaweis Kunpeng computing platform at Beijing Expo 2019.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|ITU Telecom World: 4G/5G FWA is one of the innovative solutions to National Broadband Plans|During the ITU Telecom World 2019 event, the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development, and Huawei hosted a session on fixed wireless access (FWA).
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|Five Breakthroughs from Huawei's Ultra-Lean Site Enable Fast 5G Deployment|At the ITU Telecom World 2019 hosted by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), Huawei held a "5G+Gigabit, Connecting an Intelligent Future" Forum, explaining the new breakthroughs achieved by Huawei's 5G ultra-lean site solution.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|Huawei Announces Partnership with Belgium Nonprofit “Close the Gap”|to Bring Digital Skills Across Kenya|During ITU Telecom World 2019, Huawei unveiled the DigiTruck project, in partnership with Belgium nonprofit organization Close the Gap, to provide digital skills training to rural and remote communities in Kenya.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|ITU Telecom World 2019: 5G+Gigabit, Connecting an Intelligent Future|At the ITU Telecom World 2019, Huawei's theme is "Ubiquitous Gigabit Connectivity|Intelligent Society".
NEWS | APR 02, 2018|Huawei's SmartWi-Fi Tri-band AP Wins the Red Dot Award and the iF Product Design Award|Huawei's SmartWi-Fi tri-band access point (AP) recently won 2 top global industrial design awards: the Red Dot Award and the iF Product Design Award. Huawei's tri-band AP integrates appearance and function in its architecture design, and simplicity and compatibility with household environments in its model design. From a user experience perspective, the design is both personalized and easy-to-use.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2018|Huawei's 2017 Annual Report: Solid Performance and Lasting Value for Customers|Huawei released its audited financial results for 2017, reporting solid business growth. The company's total annual revenue was CNY603.6 billion (US$92.5 billion based on year-end exchange rates), an increase of 15.7% over 2016.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2018|Namibian President: Looking Forward to Further Cooperation with Huawei on ICT|President of Namibia Dr. Hage Geingob, who is on an official visit to China, led a delegation of government officials of the country to visit the Huawei Beijing Executive Briefing Centre (EBC) and held talks with Li Dafeng, senior vice president of Huawei. During the talks, Dr. Geingob said that it is important to leverage ICT to further advance national development.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2018|DS 7 Debuts as the First Car Featuring Huawei Connected Car Solution|The DS 7, the first car featuring Huawei Connect Car Solution, debuts at the Huawei Eco-Partner Conference 2018. It is the first result of Huawei and Group PSA's collaboration on the world's largest OEM connected car project announced in November 2017. The DS 7 is evidence of Huawei's commitment to ongoing innovation and investment in the connected car domain.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2018|Huawei Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud Solution Announces Global Sales|Today, Huawei announced that Huawei Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud Solution will be launched on April 3 and will be available globally. Based on Huawei's FusionServer and switches as well as Microsoft Azure Stack, the joint solution is developed to help enterprises and service providers deploy Azure services locally and seamlessly interconnect with the Azure public cloud.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2018|Huawei Unveils the HUAWEI P20 and HUAWEI P20 Pro|At an exclusive launch event held today at the iconic Grand Palais, Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled the much-anticipated HUAWEI P20 and HUAWEI P20 Pro. The HUAWEI P20 Pro features the worlds first Leica triple camera and both devices include unprecedented AI advances, combining technology and art to bring to life a groundbreaking smartphone experience.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2018|Huawei Marine Kicks Off Phase II of Philippines’ Grid Project|Huawei Marine today announced the kick-off of Phase II of its Sorsogon-Samar Submarine Fiber Optical Interconnection Project (SSSFOIP) for the National Grid Corporation of the Philippines (NGCP). The SSSFOIP system is located in the San Bernardino Strait, linking Sorsogon, the southernmost province on Luzon to the island of Samar.
NEWS | MAR 26, 2018|Huawei Recognized by the Fundación Consejo España China for Contributions to the Spanish Market|Huawei has received an award from the Fundacin Consejo Espaa China for its contributions to the Spanish market, including its investment in and commitment to Spain. Tony Jin Yong, CEO of Huawei Spain, received the award from Alfonso Dastis, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain, at an event in Madrid attended by Chinas Ambassador to Spain, Lyu Fan, as well as representatives of business and cultural organizations.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2018|Cameroon and Huawei Lay the Groundwork for a Strong Digital Economy|Cameroon President Paul Biya led an official delegation to Huawei's Beijing campus today. The delegation was received by the President of Huawei Northern Africa, Peng Song, who took them on a tour of Huawei's facilities.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2018|Huawei Marine Partners with CTR to Deploy New Undersea Cable System in Southern Chile|Huawei Marine today announced that it will partner with CTR (Comunicacin y Telefona Rural S.A.) to deploy the Fiber Optic Austral (FOA), the southernmost submarine cable in the world, to connect three regions in southern Chile.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2018|Huawei Awarded Double Honors in Germany as an Innovator by brand eins and as a “Top Employer” by LinkedIn|Huawei has been named one of the most innovative companies in Germany by brand eins Innovation during this years Innovation Leaderboard ranking.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2018|Huawei Working with Qatar's Hamad International Airport on High-Capacity CCTV Storage|Huawei, in partnership with Salam Technology, has been chosen to work with Hamad International Airport in Doha, Qatar on a new high-capacity CCTV storage project. In 2017, Huawei provided a 10 PB (1 PB = 1000 TB) CCTV Storage with a scalability of 69 PB for the next five years.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2018|Huawei Showcases Future-oriented Smart Airport ICT Solutions at Passenger Terminal EXPO|From March 2022, Huawei is showcasing its comprehensive smart airport ICT solutions under the theme of "Leading New ICT, The Road to Digital Aviation" at the Passenger Terminal EXPO 2018. The exhibition is one of the airport industrys most preeminent events, gathering more than 7,000 delegates and 225 exhibitors representing the worldwide aviation ecosystem to discuss the latest developments and innovations.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2018|Huawei Announces Strategic Partnership with IATA|At the Passenger Terminal EXPO 2018 in Stockholm, Huawei today announced it has joined the Strategic Partnerships Program of the International Air Transport Association (IATA). Through this Program, Huawei will use its advanced ICT innovations and expertise to help develop airports and airlines of the future, enhancing the passenger experience and optimizing air cargo operations.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2018|Huawei Takes Leading Role in China’s Third Phase 5G Tests|Huawei today said it is the first company to complete a 5G NSA (Non-Stand Alone) functional test based on 3GPP. The NSA test took place in the third-phase of China's 5G technology tests in Beijings Huairou District. The test was organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group, which aims to meet the ITUs International Mobile Telecommunication system target date of 2020.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2018|Telefónica Creates a Suite of Big Data Products for Enterprises in Partnership with Huawei|Telefnica and Huawei have announced a partnership to launch a set of Big Data products aimed at enterprises that want to develop their own internal use cases as well as to sell data applications to their clients.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2018|Huawei's Cloud-based BNG Solution Verified by EANTC Scalability Tests for Tens of Millions of Users|Recently, European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC) announced that Huawei's Cloud-based BNG solution has passed strict testing of home broadband service scenarios.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2018|Huawei and Veeam Provide Rapid Recovery and Business Continuity for FusionCube Hyperconverged Infrastructure|Huawei today announced a verified solution stack built with the Huawei FusionCube hyperconverged platform that leverages Veeam Availability Suite for protection and rapid recovery of workloads. The Huawei verified solution provides enterprises a highly scalable and easy-to-manage platform to both power and protect business workloads.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2018|Huawei Unveils the Intent-Driven CloudCampus Solution|Huawei today announced its Intent-Driven CloudCampus solution and new programmable switches for enterprise campus networks at the Huawei Western Europe Partner Summit 2018. By introducing a new architecture for Intent-Driven Network (IDN), Huawei CloudCampus helps enterprises build future-proof wired and wireless networks that feature uncompromised user experience, automated service provisioning and Operations and Maintenance (OM), and converged access.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2018|Huawei and SUSE Introduce an Always-on Solution for Mission-Critical Applications|At Huawei Western Europe Partner Summit, Huawei and SUSE introduced an always-on solution for mission-critical applications which is based on in-memory computing. This solution is based on Huawei KunLun mission critical server and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server. It is the first solution in the industry to adopt x86 server and commercial enterprise Linux operating system (OS) to implement always-on mission-critical applications for enterprise customer.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2018|Huawei Releases the Converged Flash Array OceanStor V5|At its West European Partner Summit, Huawei released the Converged Flash Array OceanStor V5. Adopting Huawei's lightning-fast rock-solid flash architecture and with built-in cloud and intelligence capabilities, the new offerings will bring customers to a new age of data storage.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2018|China Unicom Beijing and Huawei Successfully Deploy a TSDN-based Government and Enterprise Private Line|China Unicom Beijing and Huawei have jointly announced their successful deployment of a multi-service optical transport network (MS-OTN) that is based on Transport-Software Defined Network (TSDN) technology. This TSDN+MS-OTN solution provides high-quality private lines for government and enterprise customers. The solution will help China Unicom Beijing provide more secure, reliable, agile, and flexible private line connection services for government and enterprise customers, enhancing the operator's competitiveness in the private line market.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2018|Pietro Fiorentini Announces First NB-IoT Smart Gas Meter to Comply with EU Directives for Commercial Use|Pietro Fiorentini, a pioneer in NB-IoT for Smart Meters, said its RSE model Smart Gas Meter with 3GPP NB-IoT enabled connectivity has met European Union approvals. It becomes the first Smart Gas Meter with NB-IoT connectivity on the market to bear the EUs RED (Radio Emission Directive), MID (Measuring Instrument Directive) and ATEX (Installations in Explosive atmosphere) approvals.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2018|Huawei's SmartWi-Fi Solution Enables China Telecom Guangdong to Provide High-Quality Broadband|China Telecom Guangdong (Guangdong Telecom) has used Huawei's SmartWi-Fi solution to launch China's first cloud-based smart home management platform. This platform works with an intelligent network consisting of Huawei's smart gateways and high-performance dual-band APs to greatly improve home Wi-Fi experience. It provides thousands of homes in Guangdong with high-quality broadband services, allowing home users to enjoy smooth high-speed Internet (HSI) and UHD video services.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2018|Huawei holds Western Europe Partner Summit 2018: Win Together in the Digital Era|From March 15 to 16, more than 500 partners attended this years Huawei Western Europe Partner Summit, which was held under the theme Together, We Win. During the summit, further details of Huaweis partner program were introduced and the channel strategy to boost the win-win opportunity was strengthened.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2018|Huawei Shows Cloud Enterprise Communications Solutions at Enterprise Connect 2018|Huawei showcased its cloud enterprise communications solutions at Enterprise Connect 2018, including its AI Redefines Video Conference Experience and Digital Workspace. The two solutions are designed to enhance team collaboration experiences and enable enterprises to improve work efficiency.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2018|Huawei, Ethernet Alliance, and Industry Partners Conduct 50GE Interoperability Testing to Accelerate 50GE Industry Chain Maturity|At the 2018 Optical Fiber Communication Conference|Exposition (OFC), Huawei showcased the 50GE capabilities of its router family and solutions in a multi-vendor interoperability demonstration with industry partners at the Ethernet Alliance booth (#2648). The demonstration highlighted the 50GE port forwarding packets at line rate speed (50 Gbit/s) over transmission distances up to 40 km, meeting the access layer requirements of 5G transport networks.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2018|Huawei's Next-Gen Intelligent All-Flash Storage Breaks New Records in SPC-1™ Performance Testing|Huawei announced its next-generation intelligent all-flash storage, the OceanStor 18800F V5, achieved 6,000,572 IOPS (input/output operations per second) in SPC-1 benchmark testing, placing it in the frontrunner position in flash performance worldwide.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2018|Huawei Launches a Commercial 400G Optical Network Solution|At the Optical Networking and Communication Conference|Exhibition (OFC), Huawei officially released its latest 400G optical network solution for commercial use, which fully supports carriers by offering fast 400G network deployment in all-service scenarios. Using Huawei's latest oDSP chips, this solution outperforms the industry benchmarks in transmission performance.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2018|Huawei Collaborates with Vodafone and Bosch to Enable Smart Cars to Communicate with Each Other|For the first time in Europe, Huawei, Vodafone Germany, and Bosch have successfully tested the extended usage of Cellular vehicle to everything (C-V2X R14) in combination with Boschs Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) driver assistance system. The three companies have been performing trials of the new, high-performance technology for the past year on the A9 freeway in Bavaria, Germany, using a pre-standard 5G network.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2018|Huawei Launches the Event as a Service Solution, Enabling intelligent Campus Network|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei launched the Event as a Service solution. This solution uses Huawei's CloudCampus technology to enable carriers to quickly deploy and manage Wi-Fi networks and online services for trade shows and other events. Using this solution, Huawei itself deployed a network for MWC, setting up Wi-Fi for 10,000 square meters of floor space within just three days, and delivering an inspired experience and value-added services.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2018|Huawei Positioned as a Leader in Data Center Hardware Platforms for SDN|Today, Huawei announced it has been positioned as a Leader in the new report "The Forrester Wave: Hardware Platforms For Software-Defined Networking, Q1 2018" published by Forrester Research, a top technology industry research and advisory firm. This was the first time for Forrester Research to evaluate data center hardware platforms for software-defined networking (SDN) and included nine players in the industry.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2018|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping Hosts Tánaiste Simon Coveney at Huawei’s Headquarters in Shenzhen, China|Today, Guo Ping, Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO, Huawei met with the Tnaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs|Trade, Simon Coveney TD from Ireland at Huaweis Headquarters in Shenzhen, China. The Tnaiste had a tour of the companys headquarters, which included a showcase of the latest cutting-edge technologies. The company also provided an overview of its business globally and its RD operations in Ireland, which now employing over 170 people in Dublin, Athlone and Cork.
NEWS | MAR 09, 2018|Telefonica and Huawei Collaborate to Accelerate Digital Adoption in the SME Market|Telefnica Business Solutions, a leading provider of a wide range of comprehensive communication solutions for the B2B market, and Huawei have signed a global alliance for the development of a Network Service Platform and CloudVPN for enterprises. The solution, specially aimed at SMEs, delivers a simple form of private network between the business different premises combined with safe navigation, remote access for teleworkers and a web portal where customers can monitor, manage and adjust their services in real time.
NEWS | MAR 09, 2018|Huawei and Microsoft double down on Artificial Intelligence, expanding partnership with Microsoft's leading SwiftKey Keyboard|Today, Huawei and Microsoft have announced to further expand the serviceable range of SwiftKey.
NEWS | MAR 08, 2018|Huawei, Together with NTT DOCOMO and TOBU RAILWAY,|Conducted 5G Field Trial Initiated by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Japan|Huawei collaborated with NTT DOCOMO, INC. and TOBU RAILWAY CO., LTD again in 5G system trial at TOKYO SKYTREE TOWN as part of 5G Field Trials initiated by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Japan (MIC).
NEWS | MAR 08, 2018|Huawei Top Filer with European Patent Office in 2017|Huawei was the biggest filer of patents with the European Patent Office (EPO) in 2017, becoming the first Chinese company to reach the number-one spot.
NEWS | MAR 07, 2018|Etisalat Misr and Huawei Complete World's First Live CloudAIR GL15MHz trial on Commercial 1800 MHz Networks|Etisalat Misr and Huawei have completed the worlds first verification of the CloudAIR GL15MHz spectrum dynamic sharing solution on Etisalat Misr's 1800 MHz network in Cairo, Egypt. The solution enables spectrum dynamic sharing between GSM and LTE with unprecedented overlap between the two technologies, which increases both LTE data rate and cell capacity available in the 1800 MHz spectrum allocation.
NEWS | MAR 07, 2018|Vodafone and Huawei Successfully Demonstrate Agile ISSU Solution for Cloud Native Network Functions|Vodafone and Huawei have successfully demonstrated the industry's first carrier-grade Agile In-Service Software Upgrade (ISSU) based on Cloud-native architecture.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2018|Huawei Marine Partners with PCCW to Deploy MARS Linking Mauritius and Rodrigues Island|Huawei Marine today announced that it will partner with PCCW Global to construct the first submarine cable between Mauritius and Rodrigues Island to meet the increasing demand for internet connectivity in the region.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2018|Huawei Releases "Multiple-in-One" 5G LampSite for Indoor Coverage|Huawei has released its next generation small cell product, the 5G LampSite, which is the first multi-band indoor 5G Small Cell product to support both 5G NR and 4G LTE. The 5G LampSite can utilize CAT6A Ethernet or optical fiber cables laid out during 4G LampSite deployments to realize transitioning to 5G without complex engineering implementation or changing radio network planning.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2018|Huawei Positioned in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Data Management Solutions for Analytics Again|In the latest Gartner Magic Quadrant(*) for Data Management Solutions for Analytics(**), Huawei is positioned in Niche Quadrant again. HUAWEI CLOUD FusionInsight Big Data Solution (FusionInsight) has once again entered the Magic Quadrant for Analytical Data Management Solution (DMSA) since it first entered the quadrant in 2017.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2018|Indonesia’s Telkomsel Commercially Launches CloudAIR 2.0 Solution with Huawei|Indonesias Telkomsel announced the successful commercial deployment of CloudAIR 2.0 Solution at the 2018 Mobile Word Congress (MWC 2018). The solution is the result of Telkomsel and Huaweis work at the Joint Innovation Center 2.0 (JIC2.0), aimed at reshaping the air interface with the concept of cloudification to efficiently share air interface resources such as spectrum, power and channel.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2018|Dubai Airports’ World’s First Double Tier III Certified Modular Data Centre Complex (MDCC) Completes with Huawei|Dubai Airports today announced the successful completion of the worlds first Double Tier III certified Airport Prefabricated Modular Data Centre Complex (MDCC)* at Dubai International (DXB) following a tour of the new facility by His Highness Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman of Dubai Airports.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2018|Huawei and NetEase Test Short TTI for Low-Latency Game Experience|Huawei and NetEase have jointly completed a latency test at Huawei Lab for online games that utilize the latest low-latency solution. The solution includes key technologies complying with 3GPP Release 15, such as Short TTI. Test results show that the loopback latency over the air interface dropped to 2 ms, compared with 20 ms on LTE networks that do not use the low-latency solution.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2018|Huawei Wireless X Labs|First 5G Cloud VR POC Verification and SIG Setup|Huawei announced the completion of the Cloud virtual reality (VR) POC verification on 5G trial networks and the formation of a Computer Graphics (CG) Cloud VR/AR Special Interest Group (SIG) at a VR roundtable during the 2018 Mobile World Congress (MWC). This is the fourth in a series of SIGs by X Labs, with the previous groups focusing on Digital Sky, Wireless eHealth, and Connected Factory. SIG members will work closely together to research and promote the commercial application of VR and AR services intended for 5G eMBB scenarios.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2018|Huawei Releases Complete Range of Full-Scenario 5G Wireless Product Solutions at MWC 2018|Huawei has released a complete range of full-scenario 5G wireless product solutions at the 2018 Mobile World Congress (MWC). These products support all 5G frequency bands and cover different types of sites including tower sites, pole-mounted sites, and small cells to suit deployment needs in diverse scenarios.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Swisscom and Huawei Sign MoU on NetCity Project|At MWC 2018, Swisscom and Huawei announced they have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on NetCity project, intended to build a world-class, highly reliable, next-generation wireline network infrastructure that can provide customers in Switzerland with innovative products and services.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Huawei and BT Group Extend Strategic Partnership to Focus on UK 5G Leadership|BT Group and Huawei today signed an agreement to extend their strategic partnership, with a clear focus on ensuring 5G leadership for BT Group and its mobile network, EE.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|China Telecom and Huawei Announce Business Joint Innovation Center|China Telecom and Huawei have established a Business Joint Innovation Center (BJIC) to jointly develop differential, innovative products and solutions that will offer users information and communication services.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Complete World´s First 5G High mmWave Technology over-the-air Field Tests|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei have successfully completed the worlds first multi-cell high millimeter waves field tests of 5G mobile communications with 73GHz mmWave technology (E-Band) under a large variety of real-world environments at the Deutsche Telekom campus in Bonn, Germany. In the comprehensive field tests, the 5G: haus partners addressed mmWave performance and propagation characteristics in both outdoor and indoor technology deployment.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Global Cross-industry Players Inaugurate 5G Slicing Association|As the founding members, China Mobile, Deutsche Telekom, Digital Domain, Fraunhofer FOKUS, Huawei, CEPRI of SGCC, Tencent, TIM and Volkswagen AG announce the inauguration of the 5G Slicing Association. The association will address requirements from vertical industry and the potential application scenarios of 5G network slicing on the way to defining new business models.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Huawei’s RuralStar Solution Wins GSMA ‘Best Mobile Innovation for Emerging Markets’ Award|Huaweis RuralStar solution has won GSMAs "Best Mobile Innovation for Emerging Markets" award.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|China Mobile and Huawei Demonstrate World's First Microservice-based 5G Core Network|At the 2018 Mobile World Congress (MWC), China Mobile, together with Huawei, demonstrated the world's first microservice-based 5G core network constructed on top of service-based architecture (SBA). The demonstration is a follow-up of their joint release of an SBA-based 5G core network prototype at 2017 MWC Shanghai.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Huawei's Ultra-broadband RF Solution Family Receives GSMA ‘Best Mobile Infrastructure’ Award|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei's Ultra-broadband Radio Frequency (RF) Solution Family won the Best Mobile Infrastructure award. This award recognizes Huawei's commitment to a customer-centric approach to improving the user experience and building next-generation mobile network infrastructure. The award is also a reflection of Huawei's efforts in helping carriers reduce end-to-end operational expenditure throughout the lifecycle of networks.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Huawei's CloudAIR Receives GSMA ‘Best Mobile Technology Breakthrough and CTO’s Choice’ Awards|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei's CloudAIR solution won GSMAs Best Mobile Technology Breakthrough award, in recognition of Huawei's innovation in radio air interface|a critical technology for mobile broadband networks. Using cloud technology, the solution centrally schedules and efficiently utilizes air interface resources, including spectrum, power, and channels, enabling carriers to increase efficiency, flexibly deploy services, and deliver a better user experience.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2018|Huawei’s Innovative TubeStar Solution Wins GSMA ‘Green Mobile’ Award|GSMA have announced that Huawei's TubeStar solution has won the Green Mobile award during Mobile World Congress 2018 (MWC 2018). This award honors innovative development in communications infrastructure and recognizes progress in reducing emissions, boosting energy efficiency, and lowering operation and maintenance (OM) costs. It also celebrates outstanding contributions to the ICT industry's sustainable long-term development.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei Wins GSMA “Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities” Award|Huawei received GSMAs Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities award at the opening of MWC2018 in Barcelona. The award commends Huawei for its innovative contribution as the first to apply NB-IoT technology to a dozen smart city projects.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei Releases 5G Multi-service Fronthaul Bearer Solution|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei officially released the 5G multi-service fronthaul bearer solution. It supports multiple types of services including mobile service transmission, cloud-based private line, and wide coverage of home broadband to help operators use one network for multiple purposes. The solution greatly reduces the network construction cost and site construction period and maximizes network value. This solution is key to Huawei's X-Haul 5G bearer solution, and will further consolidate the leading advantages of Huawei's X-Haul 5G solution.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei 5G Core Solution Receives 2018 GSMA "Best Network Software Breakthrough" Award|Huawei 5G Core solution received the "Best Network Software Breakthrough" award at Mobile World Congress 2018. This award shows the industry's recognition of Huawei's capabilities and performance in 5G core network standards, technologies, pre-commercial progress, and industry practices.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei Unveils AUTIN – A New Digitized Operations Services|Huawei has launched AUTIN, an Operations Consulting and Software as a Service (SaaS) solution for Digitized Operations Services to help operators manage complex hybrid ICT environments. AUTIN delivers AUTomation and INtelligence to modernize and reshape operations for the digital era.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei and Telefónica Jointly Demonstrate the Industry's First 5G Slicing-based Interactive VR Service|During the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Telefnica and Huawei jointly demonstrated the industry's first VR service using 5G end-to-end (E2E) network slicing technology. The demonstration offered visitors the opportunity to enjoy the ultimate immersive 5G interaction experience. Interactive VR will be introduced to gaming, education, entertainment, e-Health, industry design etc., which will bring new business opportunities to operators.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei and Bouygues Telecom Sign 5G Joint Innovation Agreement, with First 5G Network Trial in Bordeaux|Huawei and Bouygues Telecom announced today a joint innovation program to experiment 5G in France. Bouygues Telecom is part of the first operators worldwide to experiment 5G 3GPP in field with Huawei. Bordeaux will be the first city for a 5G network trial, from single site to multi-site coverage.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2018|Huawei Teams with SD-WAN Partners to Build an Intent-Driven Network in All-Cloud Era|Huawei announced partnerships with SoftBank, Microsoft, Riverbed Technology, F5, and the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC) at MWC 2018 for work on public cloud, network optimization, security, and other domains as well SD-WAN business development and ecosystem cooperation. Huawei is the only SD-WAN vendor to have passed EANTCs rigorous testing. Huawei will continue to build an Intent-Driven Network in the All-Cloud era through open cooperation.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2018|Huawei Launches High-end Intelligent All Flash Array OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 for Mission-Critical Services|At Mobile World Congress (MWC2018), Huawei today launches the OceanStor Dorado18000 V3, a high-end, intelligent all-flash array (AFA), which helps customers manage storage resources for mission-critical enterprise services. The OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 is designed to ensure a consistent service experience on- and off-premises.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2018|Huawei Launches Full Range of 5G End-to-End Product Solutions|At today's World Mobile World Congress (MWC) held in Barcelona, Spain, Yang Chaobin, President of Huawei 5G Product Line, unveiled a full range of end-to-end (E2E) 3GPP-compliant 5G product solutions. This release covers the core network, the bearer network, base station, and terminals. Huawei's 5G product solutions are entirely based on 3GPP standards, with full range, full scenario, and all-cloud being the defining characteristics. The featured products are also the only available options within the industry to provide 5G E2E capabilities.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2018|Huawei and Partners Stride Towards a Fully Connected, Intelligent World|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei is presenting technologies and solutions for 5G, All-Cloud network, video, and IoT. Huawei will be engaging with industry leaders, sharing its experience and successes, and showcasing leading products and scenario-specific solutions. In particular, it will focus on the three key issues of better connections, better business growth, and better experience. With its carrier customers and partners, the company is helping to build a fully connected, intelligent world.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2018|Huawei Receives 2018 GSMA Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Mobile Industry|The GSMA presented Huawei Technologies with the 2018 Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Mobile Industry. The award was presented at a special ceremony held last evening, where Huawei was recognized for decades of advocating new technology standards, driving digital transformation, and building out the digital ecosystem.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2018|Huawei Launches the Intent-Driven Network Solution to Maximum Business Value|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei launched the Intent-Driven Network solution. This solution will bridge the gaps between the physical network and business goals by creating a digital twin of the network infrastructure. These technologies will enable software-defined networks (SDNs) to evolve into intent-driven networks, and maximize business value.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei Unveils the HUAWEI MateBook X Pro and HUAWEI MediaPad M5 Series at Mobile World Congress|Huawei Consumer Business Group today unveiled the HUAWEI MateBook X Pro and HUAWEI MediaPad M5 Series at an exclusive launch event at the Centre de Convencions Internacional de Barcelona. Beautifully designed both inside and out, the new notebook and tablet excel at work, at home or on the go for the ultimate mobile computing experience.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei Helps Emerging Markets to Accelerate Digital Upgrade|At Huawei Digital Transformation Forum on the eve of MWC 2018, Huawei outlined its commitment to accelerate digital upgrade in emerging markets. Huawei will continue to cooperate with operators, local governments, and other industry partners on ICT infrastructure initiatives, expanding ecosystem partnerships to introduce new services and delivering innovative solutions that bridge the digital divide across emerging markets caused by the broadband coverage.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei Brings the All-Connected World to Mobile World Congress|Building on its success in delivering beautifully-designed and powerful high-end mobile devices, Huawei Consumer Business Group (CBG) today unveiled the HUAWEI MateBook X Pro, the HUAWEI MediaPad M5 Series and the HUAWEI 5G customer-premises equipment (CPE), the worlds first commercial terminal device supporting the globally recognized 3GPP telecommunications standard for 5G. With stunning new design updates and outstanding performance advances, Huaweis new devices showcase the power of technology to deliver innovative computing experiences ready for the mobile world.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei Releases First 5G Customer-premises Equipment|Today at Mobile World Congress, Huawei Consumer Business Group (CBG) launched its HUAWEI 5G customer-premises equipment (CPE), the worlds first commercial terminal device supporting the globally recognized 3GPP telecommunication standard for 5G. This device marks a milestone as Huawei sets the stage for the next generation of wireless connectivity.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|HKT and Huawei Jointly Establish the Digital Transformation Practice Center to Share Digitalization Experiences and Practices|Today, HKT and Huawei today jointly announce the establishment of the Digital Transformation Practice Center (DTPC), which aims to share the experience and practices of HKT gained during its digital business transformation journey and to help guide the digitalization process of other carriers. The DTPC will be set up by mid-2018 in Hong Kong, the heart of Asia, welcoming guests from all over the world.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei and IHS Markit Release the Video as a Core Service|and Mobile Video White Papers|During the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei held the Video Powers New Growth forum. At the forum, Huawei and IHS Markit jointly released two white papers – Video as a Core Service for Telcos (Video as a Core Service) and Mobile Video Opportunities for Operators (Mobile Video). These white papers showcase the value of video services to operators, and define the strategies and approaches for developing video services.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2018|Huawei Holds Pre-MWC 2018 Digital Transformation Forum|Huawei successfully held the Global Digital Transformation Forum leading up to Mobile World Congress 2018 (MWC 2018). The forum focused on five topics, namely 5G, new economic value, business-to-business (B2B) services, big video, and operation transformation. These discussions centered around accelerating operators' digital transformation in the age of All Cloud, gathering more partners to forge a favorable digital ecosystem, and enhancing digital infrastructure. The aim is to help operators achieve new technological breakthroughs in capabilities, connections, business development, user experience, cooperation, and many more other diverse fields.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2018|Huawei powered Asia's first TM9 commercial mobile network Enabling rapid growth of network capacity and evolution|Huawei teamed up with HKT to commercially deploy TM9 on its All Business Connected LTE network in Hong Kong and became the first mobile network in Asia Pacific to put LTE FDD TM9 into commercial use.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei NE9000 Routers Help Deutsche Telekom Provide More Convenient, Stable, and Secure Connections to Cloud Users|Today, Huawei and Deutsche Telekom jointly announced that Deutsche Telekom selected Huawei NE9000 core routers to simplify its network connections and enable cloud-and-network synergy, automated service provisioning, and agile bandwidth adjustment. With innovative information and communications technology and its dedication to continually improving its solutions, Deutsche Telekom provides its users with robust, convenient, stable, and secure cloud services.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|TIM and Huawei Joint Release of Industry First FDD Full-Band (700–3000 MHz) 4x4 MIMO Compact Antenna|An industry-first FDD full-band 4x4 MIMO antenna will be released by TIM and Huawei jointly at the Mobile World Congress 2018. The antenna supports 4x4 MIMO on all of TIM's sub-3 GHz frequency bands, leaving room also for one dedicated active antenna in C band and mmWave. This breakthrough innovation will help TIM to maximize site value also favouring site sharing, will enable diverse 5G applications and facilitate the deployment of 5G-oriented best-experience networks.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei, NYP to set up first Huawei ICT academy in Singapore|Huawei, a global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) agreed to set up the first ICT Academy in Singapore as part of Huaweis global initiative to support ICT skills development.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Deutsche Telekom, Intel and Huawei Achieve World's First 5G NR Interoperability in Operator Environment|Deutsche Telekom, Intel and Huawei prove the world's first 5G interoperability and development testing (IODT) based on the 3GPP R15 Standard with a commercial base station in an operator lab environment. This successful test in Bonn, Germany, is another important milestone after the three partners initially verified the first 5G NR interoperability in Huaweis Shanghai labs.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei Teamed Up with NBTC to Complete the First Demonstration of 5G Utility Equipment in Thailand|Today, the Thai National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) successfully held Thailands first 5G Summit in Bangkok. At the summit, Huawei and NBTC jointly completed the first 5G C-Bands device speed demonstration in Thailand based on the 3GPP 5G new air interface, demonstrating that the single users peak downlink throughput of C-Band exceeded 3.15 Gbps. It marks an important step in the 5G development in Thailand.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Embrace 5G, INWIT and Huawei Signed MoU to Promote Full Rollout of Small Cells|INWIT, the largest telecom tower company in Italy, and Huawei signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for close cooperation in products and technologies, services and platforms, and ecosystems and expansions of indoor businesses. Both sides vowed to comprehensively upgrade indoor network coverage, expand network capacity, and create 5G-oriented digital networks in Italy.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei Leads Network Cloud Standardization and Promotes the BBF to Release CloudCO Standards|The Broadband Forum (BBF) recently releases Cloud Central Office (CloudCO) architecture standards. These standards provide important references for operators in reconstructing broadband network architectures. The announcement of these standards is a key step towards implementing cloud network.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Telefónica and Huawei Extends the Evolution of LTE Networks in Bogotá, Monterrey and Rio de Janeiro after Initial Developments in Munich|Telefnica and Huawei have agreed on 4.5G evolution with first deployments in Bogot, Monterrey and Rio de Janeiro. In this evolution to 4.5G, Telefnica is introducing 4x4 MIMO, 3x Carrier Aggregation (CA), 256-QAM and CloudAIR (Huaweis proprietary technology) into its networks.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei's 3 Star Simplifies Sites and Connects Everything|At this years Mobile World Congress, Huawei will launch its 3 Star 2.0 series. This series of site solutions are a step further in innovating form and function. Each solution improves performance while streamlining site design, deployment, and OM to help operators and tower vendors effectively reduce their TCO.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei's CloudCampus Solution Helps China Telecom Henan Develop Managed LAN Services for Governments and Enterprises|China Telecom Henan recently worked with Huawei to deploy the CloudCampus solution for a five-star hotel in Henan Province. This solution will enable cloud-based management of the hotel, from network planning and deployment, to operations and maintenance (OM). It will also help the operator develop managed LAN services.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2018|Huawei Launches the "Slice Mall" Innovation Project to Accelerate 5G Slicing Commercialization|Huawei announced the initiation of their "Slice Mall" innovation project, based on the concept of "slicing as a service and as a commodity." This global project aims at accelerating the commercialization of 5G slicing and helping carriers achieve business success in a range of vertical industries.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2018|Huawei Launches "1+1 Antenna Modernization", Defines Passive 5G Antenna|In the run up to the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2018, Huawei has announced its new "1+1 antenna modernization" concept, published a definition for 5G passive antennas, and launched a new range of antenna solutions. The company says that these solutions will meet the diverse needs of different telecom carriers as they evolve their networks and quickly build out for 5G.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2018|Vodafone and Huawei Test Applicability of IP Microwave Backhaul for 5G|Vodafone and Huawei have completed lab tests which indicate that traditional IP microwave links will be considered a viable technology for 5G backhaul.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2018|Qualcomm and Huawei Successfully Complete 3GPP-based 5G Interoperability Testing|Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated and Huawei today announced that they have successfully completed 5G NR Interoperability and Development Testing (IODT) based on the 3GPP Release 15 global standard. The testing, which utilized Qualcomm Technologies UE prototype and Huaweis commercial 5G system, is a key milestone towards accelerating the maturity of the Release 15 5G NR ecosystem.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2018|Huawei SD-WAN uCPE AR650 Wins the iF DESIGN AWARD 2018|Recently, the world-renowned iF DESIGN AWARD, known as the "Design Oscar", unveiled its recipients. With its simple appearance, excellent performance, and open service platform, Huawei's SD-WAN uCPE (universal CPE) AR650 wowed 63 professional judges from around the world and saw off competition from 6402 candidates from 54 countries to take home the top design award. After winning Japan's Good Design Award in 2017, the AR650 was once again recognized by the industry for its design and quality.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2018|Vodafone and Huawei Complete World’s First 5G call and Dual Connectivity using 3GPP R15 NSA Standard|Vodafone and Huawei have jointly completed the worlds first call using the Non Stand-Alone (NSA) 3GPP 5G new radio (NR) standard and sub6 GHz spectrum. The call, using a test network, took place in Spain just ahead of Mobile World Congress which starts on February 26.
NEWS | FEB 14, 2018|Huawei launches first urban 5G “Wireless to the Home” CPE trial in North America|Huawei today announced they have launched an end-to-end user trial for Wireless to the Home (WTTx) 5G service using a specially-designed 5G CPE (Customer Premise Equipment) unit. The trial is taking place in downtown Vancouvers 5G Living Lab, a co-venture with TELUS, Canadas fastest growing telecommunications company. It is compliant with the global 5G 3GPP standard and is believed to be the first trial of its kind in North America, and among the first globally.
NEWS | FEB 14, 2018|Huawei Full Series of Scenario-based Massive MIMO AAUs Support Flexible Deployment and Help Operators Seize Opportunities of 5G|At the pre-MWC briefing in London, Huawei revealed that a full series of scenario-based Massive MIMO AAU (MM AAU) products would be released at the MWC 2018. These products accommodate various 5G deployment scenarios and make operators ready for 5G in advance based on 4G networks. Using Wireless AI technologies that simplify OM, these AAUs provide several times better user experience compared with common 4G network construction technologies and better meet the requirements of prospective mobile Internet services.
NEWS | FEB 12, 2018|Italy's Open Fiber Launches 200G Elastic OTN Working With Huawei|Open Fiber, a leading wholesale provider in Italy, has announced the successful commissioning and commercial trial of the 200G Elastic OTN between Rome and Florence in the national backbone "Zion" network. This will lay a solid foundation for the Italy's National Broadband strategy.
NEWS | FEB 11, 2018|Huawei cut a new milestone in the 5G Italian Project Bari Matera : the first data connection is made using the 3.6-3.8 GHz frequencies, offered by Italian Economic Development Ministry|(MISE) for the trial|After the kick off on November 8th 2017, TIM-Fastweb-Huawei consortium that won the 5G trial in Bari and Matera called by the Ministry of Economic Development (MISE) on the 3.6-3.8 GHz spectrum frequencies foreseen by the announcement, marks a new important milestone.
NEWS | FEB 08, 2018|Huawei Goes Beyond Traditional Boundaries in Five Areas and Teams up with Partners for a Fully-connected, Intelligent World|Today, Huawei held a Pre-MWC 2018 Media and Analyst Briefing in London, during which the company called on all industries to work together and go beyond traditional boundaries in the areas of capabilities, connections, business, experience, and partnerships for a fully-connected, intelligent world.
NEWS | FEB 08, 2018|Huawei Releases E2E Cloud VR System Prototype|Huaweis VR OpenLab has released a system prototype for its E2E Cloud VR solution. The prototype integrates the cloud-pipe-device ecosystem of the VR industry and builds a unified platform for various VR service scenarios. The Huawei prototype is the first Cloud VR architecture to demonstrate E2E VR service aggregation. It was jointly developed by Huawei working with many industry partners through VR OpenLab and is a milestone for the implementation of Cloud VR applications.
NEWS | FEB 07, 2018|Huawei FusionCube Positions to a Challenger in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Hyperconverged Infrastructure|Gartner, a global renowned IT advisory company, released the Magic Quadrant (*) for Hyperconverged Infrastructure (**). In this report, Huawei was named to a Challenger. Huawei believes the results of Huawei's FusionCube hyper-converged infrastructure come from its global market performance, technology competitiveness and comprehensive use cases.
NEWS | FEB 07, 2018|Huawei Completes Certification with Hortonworks to Provide Competitive Big Data Solutions through its Universe Analytics Platform|Huaweis Universe Analytics Platform has been certified on Hortonworks Quality Assured Testing Suite (QATS) to flexibly and efficiently use the Hortonworks Data Platform (HDP) to provide services for customers in a stable and high-performance manner.
NEWS | FEB 07, 2018|Huawei among First NFVI Vendors to Pass OVP Certification|The Open Platform for Network Functions Virtualization (OPNFV) community has released its plans for the OPNFV Verified Program (OVP) commercial certification program. At the same time, the organization made public its first batch of certification results. Huawei was one of the first network functions virtualization infrastructure (NFVI) vendors to have passed and receive this OVP certification.
NEWS | FEB 07, 2018|Huawei OTN Fronthaul Solution Passes China Telecom’s 5G Test in an Industry First|Huaweis Optical Transport Network (OTN) fronthaul solution has passed the initial phase of China Telecom's 5G fronthaul transport lab test in what is the worlds first transmission test for 25G eCPRI interfaces. The test presents an industry breakthrough as Huawei's OTN fronthaul solution delivered transmission latency of less than 1 s and jitter of less than 1 ns. The Common Public Radio Interface (CPRI) Alliance released its 5G fronthaul eCPRI interface standard in August 2017.
NEWS | FEB 06, 2018|Telefónica and Huawei Complete World’s First Proof-of-Concept Test of 5G-V2X Radio for uRLLC Assisted Driving|Telefnica and Huawei have achieved a new milestone with the worlds first Proof-of-Concept (PoC) testbed for 5G based vehicle communication networks (known as 5G-V2X) in their 5G Joint Innovation Lab at Madrid. This is another solid step to promote 5G commercialization and expand the 5G ecosystem after both companies completed 5G UCNC trial in 2017.
NEWS | FEB 05, 2018|Huawei Chairwoman Madam Sun Yafang meets UK Prime Minister Theresa May to announce new £3bn five year commitment to the UK|Huawei Technologies has announced a major new commitment to the UK with a promise of procurement over the next five years of 3billion. On 1st February, Madam Sun Yafang, Chairwoman of Huawei met with the UK Prime Minister Theresa May in Beijing, and reaffirmed the companys long-term commitment to the UK. Huawei, which is a key investor in Europe, has announced that the company will procure a total of 3billion in the UK over the next five years, helping UK companies to increase exports to China.
NEWS | FEB 05, 2018|Huawei’s X22 Set Top Box Wins 2018 iF Design Award|Huawei’s X22 set top box has won an iF Design award for top design. The globally renowned iF Design Awards are known as the "Design Oscars".
NEWS | JAN 27, 2018|Huawei Teams with UnionPay International to Roll out Huawei Pay Worldwide|Yesterday Huawei signed a mutual cooperation agreement with UnionPay International with the aim of working together to promote the globalization of Huawei Pay and to accelerate its roll-out worldwide in order to provide a better mobile payment experience for Huawei mobile device users.
NEWS | JAN 26, 2018|Huawei’s 4T Routing Line Card Set for Commercial Use|after Passing EANTC Tests|Huawei announced today that its NE9000 4T routing line card passed rigorous testing by the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC), a leading international test organization.
NEWS | JAN 25, 2018|Deutsche Telekom, Intel and Huawei Achieve World's First 5G NR Interoperability|Deutsche Telekom (DT), Intel and Huawei announced they have collaborated to achieve the world's first 5G interoperability and development testing (IODT) based on the 3GPP R15 Standard with a commercial base station.
NEWS | JAN 25, 2018|GlobalData Ranks Huawei NE9000 A Leader in Backbone Routers|Leading global consultancy and research firm GlobalData (formerly Current Analysis) recently released a competitive analysis of backbone routers in which Huawei NE9000 was assessed as a leader in fields such as performance, port density, features, and architecture.
NEWS | JAN 24, 2018|Turkcell and Huawei Commercial Verification of BBU5900 Base Station Marks Launch of 5G Evolution|Turkcell and Huawei have successfully verified Huawei’s 5G-oriented new Generation BBU5900 base station on a commercial network in Antalya Turkey opening the way for roll out of 5G evolution.
NEWS | JAN 22, 2018|Turkcell and Huawei Complete World's First LTE Spectrum Coordination on a Commercial Network|Turkcell and Huawei’s Joint Agile Delivery (JAD) completed the world's first LTE Spectrum coordination on Antalya's commercial 4.5G network with Huawei’s latest eRAN13.1 solution.
NEWS | JAN 22, 2018|China Telecom, State Grid, and Huawei Jointly Release Industry's First Report on 5G Network Slicing for Smart Grids|China Telecom, China’s State Grid, and Huawei have jointly released a report entitled 5G Network Slicing Enabling Smart Grid which details results|of the 5G network slicing project, a major national initiative.
NEWS | JAN 22, 2018|China Unicom Chooses Huawei CloudFabric to Build|Flexible, Intelligent Private Cloud Resource Pool|Huawei has partnered with China Unicom to deploy that company’s first private cloud resource pool based on Huawei’s CloudFabric solution. The move marks a significant step for China Unicom in enabling its business transformation in the cloud era.
NEWS | JAN 18, 2018|Vodafone and Huawei Enhance Fibre Access with Fixed Access Network Slicing|Vodafone and Huawei have conducted a successful field trial of Fixed Access Network Slicing. The virtual access network solution partitions a physical fibre to the home (FTTH) network into multiple virtual network slices, creating multi-tenancy virtualization of the access network.
NEWS | JAN 17, 2018|Vodafone & Huawei complete world’s first trial of GL 900MHz dynamic spectrum sharing to address capacity issues in Turkey|Vodafone Group’s Networks Centre of Excellence team and the Huawei Mobile Innovation Centre have been testing a dynamic way to help address spectrum constraints in Turkey. The teams have completed the world’s first trial of GSM/LTE (GL) 900MHz dynamic spectrum sharing on Vodafone’s commercial networks in the Black Coast city of Trabzon.
NEWS | JAN 12, 2018|Duisburg Germany and Huawei sign MoU to Build a Smart City|Duisburg Germany has signed a Memo of Understanding(MoU) with Huawei to work together on smart city development.|Duisburg Mayor Sören Link and Wang Yonggang, CFO of Huawei‘s Enterprise Business Group, signed the MoU. With this declaration of intent, both partners will begin work to make Duisburg an innovative and digitalized Western European model city.
NEWS | JAN 11, 2018|Telefónica and Huawei Proceed with Network Development upon Successfully Completing T-SDN Software Tests|Telefónica and Huawei have successfully completed the laboratory tests on the T-SDN (Transport Software-Defined Network) solution, a controller which incorporates improvements for the planning, management, monitoring and diagnosis of Telefónica España’s photonic mesh.
NEWS | JAN 10, 2018|Huawei’s CloudAIR Helps Bharti Airtel|Deliver a Superior Economic 4G Experience|In a global first, Bharti Airtel has successfully deployed three radio technologies (GSM, UMTS, LTE) on the 900MHz band within an 8.8MHz spectral bandwidth by using Huawei’s innovative CloudAIR solution to deliver a superior 4G experience to its customers. Bharti Airtel is India’s largest mobile operator.
NEWS | JAN 10, 2018|Welcome to the New Era of Connectivity: Huawei to Launch Mate 10 Pro in February in the U.S. and World’s First Hybrid Smart Home Network Solution|Today at CES 2018, Huawei Consumer Business Group (CBG) revealed that its breakthrough HUAWEI Mate 10 Pro will be available in the U.S. through major electronics retailers, including Best Buy, Amazon, Microsoft, Newegg and B&H beginning on February 18, with pre-orders beginning February 4. Huawei also unveiled the world’s first hybrid smart home network solution. The HUAWEI WiFi Q2 series is a true plug-and-play Wi-Fi system designed for the entire house.
NEWS | JAN 09, 2018|Sodexo and Huawei Sign Global Partnership Agreement|A global partnership agreement was signed today between Sodexo, a leading French food services and facilities management company, and Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology solutions provider. The agreement was signed in the presence of Bruno Le Maire, French Minister of the Economy and Finance and Minister of Commerce for the People's Republic of China.
NEWS | JAN 09, 2018|Huawei Delivers Outstanding 5G Core Network Performance in China Mobile Technical Verification Test|Huawei has completed a 5G core network technical verification test at China Mobile’s Research Institute that delivered outstanding performance for all participants. This test is based on the latest 3GPP specifications (Release 15), and covered service-based architecture (SBA), network slicing, edge computing, 5G standalone networking, and other basic service procedures. The test results show that Huawei’s 5G core network perfectly complies with the latest 5G standard architecture and can serve as a solid foundation for the future large-scale commercial use of 5G.
NEWS | JAN 09, 2018|Analysys Mason and Huawei Publish Research Study Highlighting How Digitalization is Reshaping Operations|A recently released Analysys Mason study in collaboration with Huawei entitled, ‘Digitalization reshaping operations: a new digital operational model for the future’ has illustrated how digitalization is fundamentally reshaping the way businesses are being operated, and how in order to remain competitive a new operational model for the future operational environment is necessary. As such communications service providers (CSPs) are embarking on their own digital transformation journey to increase service agility and operational efficiency through infrastructure evolution and operations transformation.
NEWS | JAN 02, 2018|Huawei Named as a Leader in 2017 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Integrated Revenue and Customer Management for CSPs|Gartner, one of the worlds leading authorities on IT research and advisory, has named Huawei as one of the Leaders in its 2017 Magic Quadrant for Integrated Revenue and Customer Management (IRCM) for CSPs report.
NEWS | JAN 02, 2018|Huawei OWS Global Developer Contest Helps Boost Operations Digitalization|The finals of the Huawei OWS Developer Contest were recently held in Shenzhen. This competition aims to encourage Huawei services staff to be innovative and develop new Apps based on the Operations Web Services (OWS) platform to support them in their daily operations.
NEWS | DEC 29, 2017|China Mobile Chooses Huawei's CloudFabric Solution for Its SDN Data Center Network|Huawei recently announced that it would use the CloudFabric solution to help China Mobile build a private cloud resource pool for data centers in Hohhot and Harbin. Its aim is to support China Mobile in evolving its traditional IT systems to a centralized cloud computing platform. The Hohhot and Harbin data centers are now ready to support China Mobile's plan for expanding its private cloud resource pools.
NEWS | DEC 27, 2017|Ovum Names Huawei as a Market Leader in Customer Analytics Solutions for Telecom Operators|Ovum, a leading independent analyst and consulting company, has positioned Huawei as one of the market leaders in its latest report on Customer Analytics Solutions for telecom operators.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2017|Huawei and Baidu Sign Strategic Agreement to Lead the New Era of Mobile AI|Huawei and Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ: BIDU) have announced a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement that spans from artificial intelligence (AI) platforms and technology, to internet services and content ecosystems. The two companies aim to cultivate an open mobile and AI ecosystem built on shared success, while spurring the development of new AI applications and providing global consumers with AI that knows you better.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2017|Global Mobile Industry Ready to Start Full-Scale Development of 5G NR|Today the 3GPP TSG RAN Plenary Meeting in Lisbon successfully completed the first implementable 5G NR specification. ATT, BT, China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicom, Deutsche Telekom, Ericsson, Fujitsu, Huawei, Intel, KT Corporation, LG Electronics, LG Uplus, MediaTek Inc., NEC Corporation, Nokia, NTT DOCOMO, Orange, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., Samsung Electronics, SK Telecom, Sony Mobile Communications Inc., Sprint, TIM, Telefonica, Telia Company, T-Mobile USA, Verizon, Vodafone, and ZTE have made a statement that the completion of the first 5G NR standard has set the stage for the global mobile industry to start full-scale development of 5G NR for large-scale trials and commercial deployments as early as in 2019.
NEWS | DEC 20, 2017|Huawei Becomes Only SD-WAN Solution Provider to Pass Strict EANTC Testing Process|The European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC), an internationally recognized independent test center, has announced that Huawei is currently the only SD-WAN solution provider to pass its strict testing procedures.
NEWS | DEC 20, 2017|Huawei Help China Telecom Implement Intelligent All-Optical Network alongside Yangtze River|China Telecom has announced the commercial implementation of its ROADM backbone network on the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River. This network covers the territories of Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Hubei, Anhui, and Jiangxi. Huawei, the exclusive network solution provider, completed the network in five months. The network will initially carry more than 300, 100G services.
NEWS | DEC 18, 2017|Huawei and China Unicom Collaborate to Build Network-Wide Anti-DDoS System|China Unicom has partnered with Huawei to deploy Huaweis AntiDDoS8000 products on backbone network nodes across China. This constitutes the largest anti-DDoS system on China Unicom's network and provides comprehensive anti-DDoS protection capabilities for their customers.
NEWS | DEC 18, 2017|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO Achieves a New Breakthrough in 5G mmWave Long-Distance Mobility Trial over 39 GHz Band|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO, INC., has completed a successful joint field trial for 5G mobile communications over a long distance with 39 GHz Millimeter Wave (mmWave) band in Yokohama, one of largest commercial areas in Japan. In this trial, the downlink data transmissions were achieved at a maximum speed over 2 Gbps on a testing vehicle which was equipped with a user equipment (UE) equivalent to a mobile phone, while driving at speeds over 20 km per hour.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2017|Huawei and Sunrise Showcase Fastest 5G Connection in Switzerland|Huawei and Sunrise have jointly showcased the large scope of 5G use cases on a 5G E2E Network. Using cloud-based end-to-end applications, 5G performance capability was demonstrated with virtual reality, 360-degree panoramic live video, and twelve parallel 4K video streams on 65-inch UHD TVs. The download data throughput was 3.28Gbit/s, the highest ever measured for a mobile Internet link with 3.5GHz.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2017|Huawei Announces Research Partnership with Trinity College|Huawei, the global ICT leader, today announced a new research partnership with Trinity College Dublin as part of its growing RD footprint in Ireland. At an event at Trinity College Dublin, Guo Ping, Huawei Deputy Chairman|Rotating CEO, also announced the expansion of the companys Cork RD operation, which is growing from a small team to nearly 20 highly-skilled staff.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2017|Huawei Announces New OpenLab in Cairo to Build ICT Ecosystem in Northern Africa|Huawei held a ceremony to launch the Cairo OpenLab during the Cairo ICT 2017 conference. Huawei, together with industry alliance and partners in Northern Africa, aims to build ICT ecosystem in Northern Africa in response to industry digital transformation.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs Sets up Connected Factory SIG|to Explore 5G Applications in Smart Manufacturing|Huawei Wireless X Labs has joined hands with several industry partners to announce the establishment of a Wireless Connected Factory Special Interest Group (SIG). This is the third in a series of SIGs created by X Labs, with others focusing on X Labs Digital Sky initiative and Wireless eHealth.
NEWS | DEC 07, 2017|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO Mark Milestone in 5G Joint Trials with Successful High-Speed and Long Distance mmWave Field Trial at Tokyo Skytree|Huawei, the world's leading information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and NTT DOCOMO, INC., Japan's largest mobile communications carrier, marked a milestone in their joint 5G trials by succeeding in high-speed data transmission over a distance of 1.2km on the 28GHz millimeter wave (mmWave) spectrum.
NEWS | DEC 06, 2017|Huawei's FusionCube Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Leads Chinese Market|In the China HCI Market Overview, 2017H1 released by IDC, a world-leading consultancy, Huaweis FusionCube hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) has been ranked number one by market share. This first-place ranking underscores the industry's recognition of Huawei's hyper-converged products.
NEWS | DEC 06, 2017|Huawei’s Operation Web Services Wins CSA STAR Gold Certification|Huaweis Operation Web Services (OWS) has received Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) STAR Gold and Information Security Certification at the British Standards Institutions (BSI) 2017 Organizational Resilience Management Forum. The certification covers the OWS solution, delivery, operation and APPs management, and aims to improve transparency and standardization in security. Huaweis OWS has now reached the highest standard of international security certification.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2017|Huawei Selected as an OpenStack Supplier for Vodafone Group|Huawei announced that it has been selected by Vodafone Group as an approved vendor to supply its FusionSphere OpenStack platform, to support the operators global roll out of Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) and Software Defined Networks (SDN).
NEWS | DEC 04, 2017|Huawei’s Proposed Smart City Structure Agreed for P2413 Standard at IEEE P2413 IoT Work Group Meeting|Huawei has successfully submitted standards proposals for the evolving Internet of Things, at the meeting of the IEEE P2413 (Standard for An Architectural Framework for the Internet of Things) Work Group, held in Shenzhen Nov 28|Dec 1, 2017.
NEWS | DEC 04, 2017|LG U+ and Huawei Launch TechCity in Seoul|LG U+ and Huawei have launched Seoul TechCity, a collaborative project that aims to deliver smart city capabilities for the Korean capital, including: Giga Everywhere, mobile enabled digitized industry infrastructure, and the ability to build ecosystems for a digital society.
NEWS | DEC 03, 2017|Huawei 3GPP 5G Pre-commercial System is awarded as one of World Leading Internet Scientific and Technological Achievement at the Fourth World Internet Conference|Huawei 3GPP 5G Pre-commercial System was awarded as one of World Leading Internet Scientific and Technological Achievements at the fourth World Internet Conference opening on December 3, 2017. This honor recognized the system's excellent end-to-end capabilities and technical innovation. Huawei's rotating CEO Eric Xu attended the conference and showcased the product.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2017|Leading Metro Network Cloudification: Huawei Releases Cloud-based BNG Capable of Supporting 10 Million Users|At China Mobile Global Partner Conference, Huawei releases the world's first cloud-based Broadband Network Gateway (BNG) that can support service bearing for 10 million users. This solution redefines the BNG by cloud technology, and offers a control plane that can flexibly scale to provide resources for a vast number of users. This is a significant milestone in the solution's development, indicating its progress on the path to commercial use.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2017|Huawei Releases Prototype for Cloud VR-Enabled Integrated Home Gateway|Huawei recently launches a prototype for its integrated home gateway (HGW). This prototype supports Cloud VR services. A new type of integrated home gateway, the Cloud VR HGW has the potential to significantly reduce the cost of Cloud VR, making high quality VR more affordable for home users.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2017|Huawei and Wapwag Sign Cooperation Agreement to Accelerate Digital Transformation of Water Industry|During the recent Edge Computing Industry Summit 2017 in Beijing, Huawei and Wapwag (Shanghai) Smart Water Public Co. Ltd announced that they have reached a cooperation agreement. This agreement will see an integration of Huaweis Edge Computing IoT (EC-IoT) solution with Wapwag's smart water supply management platform to build a data-driven platform for urban smart water supplies, helping to lay a foundation for the digital transformation of the water supply industry.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2017|Vodafone and Huawei in First European Test of a Tele-operated Vehicle|At Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2017 Huawei and Vodafone for the first time in Europe showed how pre-standard 5G can be used by an authorized operator to remotely control a vehicle.
NEWS | NOV 30, 2017|Telecom Argentina and Huawei Awarded for Co-Constructed Cloud Core Network|At the World Communication Awards 2017 in London, Telecom Argentina and Huawei were given the Network Transformation Initiative award for their leading co-constructed cloud core network.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2017|Huawei Announces Enterprise Access Point Integration with Ekahau’s Wi-Fi Design Solutions|Huawei has announced a partnership with Ekahau, the global leader in enterprise Wi-Fi network design solutions, in which it will integrate its full range of Wi-Fi Access Point solutions with Ekahaus Site Survey and 3D Planner tool. In addition, Ekahau has optimized its site survey functionality to support Huaweis access points. This will deliver a smoother user experience for Huawei customers when using the newly released Ekahau Sidekick, the first of its kind, all-in-one Wi-Fi measurement device.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2017|Huawei Wins Innovation Award for its NFV Integration Service|Huawei won the NFV Innovation Award for its NFV Integration Service at the World Communication Awards 2017 organized by Total Telecom. This award helps recognize Huaweis efforts and contributions to network transformation and development.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2017|Huawei and China Mobile Propose First Cloud-based BNG Interface Protocol Requirements at IETF Meeting|Huawei and the China Mobile Research Institute have submitted a standards proposal to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) for the first cloud-based Broadband Network Gateway (BNG). The proposed Control Plane and User Plane Separated Protocol (CUSP) requirements for cloud-based BNG interfaces were delivered at the 100th meeting of the IETF, the international organization responsible for developing Internet standards. The proposals mark an important step toward standardization of CU-separated BNG architecture.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2017|Huawei and Toshiba Digital Solutions Showcase the First NB-IoT-based Joint Solution for Smart Factory|Huawei and Toshiba Digital Solutions (Toshiba) jointly showcased the first result of their cooperation on NB-IoT (Narrowband Internet of Things)-based Smart Factory solutions at the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum. At the event, both companies demonstrated Smart Factory solutions including Toshibas IoT Gateway equipped with a Huawei NB-IoT chipset.
NEWS | NOV 28, 2017|Huawei Big Data PaaS Solution for Telecom Operators Wins Innovation Award at Palo Alto Analytics Summit|Huaweis FusionInsight (FI)-Universe Analytics Big Data Platform-as-a-Service solution has been named Most Innovative Telco Big Data Cloud Platform at the Telco Data Analytics Summit USA 2017 held in Palo Alto, November 28-29.
NEWS | NOV 28, 2017|Huawei Shows Commitment to Building Smart Cities in Europe|Huaweis Smart City Summit 2017 in Budapest focused on opportunities for Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), and Scandinavian nations to stay abreast of the latest smart city trends and technology. The company demonstrated solutions to connect the digital and physical worlds across city administration, public services and industry and are designed to benefit city residents and businesses in everything from transportation, to health care to public security and more.
NEWS | NOV 27, 2017|Telcos’ Move to Cloud Native Model Will Transform Cost and Reliability of Network Building says White Paper|Linking the reliability and precision of the telecom industry with ITs agility and flexibility will transform the communications business, according to a white paper from Analysys Mason prepared on behalf of Huawei. The evolution to Cloud Native NFV: early adoption brings benefits with a flexible approach, sees Network Function Virtualization (NFV) as the catalyst for telcos to make the critical transition to Cloud Native.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2017|LG U+ and Huawei Complete 5G Pre-commercial Tests for World’s First Commercial 5G|During the 4th Global 5G Event, LG U+ partnered with Huawei to complete the world's first large-scale 5G network test in a pre-commercial environment in Gangnam District, Seoul. This network consists of both 3.5 GHz and 28 GHz base stations. The test also helped to successfully verify the technologies of IPTV 4K Video and many other future-proof commercial 5G services. High-speed mobility, dual connectivity, and inter-cell handovers (under continuous networking conditions) were also validated.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2017|SoftBank and Huawei's Wireless X Labs Sign Connected Robot MoU to Explore New Cloud Robotics|SoftBank and Huawei Wireless X Labs recently signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) regarding connected robots. SoftBank plans to offer Cube and Kibako (automated cube robots), while Huawei provides 5G wireless networks. Joint efforts will be conducted to implement 5G-based smart service robots by 2018.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2017|Huawei and Industry Partners Promote the First ONAP Release|The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) community recently announced the availability of its first platform release, ONAP "Amsterdam." This release delivers a unified architecture for end-to-end, closed-loop network automation and creates a premise for service automation and orchestration. As a platinum founding member fully engaged in the ONAP community, Huawei actively invested a great deal of resources in technical architecture, code contribution, and system integration, while working with industry partners for operational transformation and the accelerated construction of an open source ecosystem.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2017|Vodafone and Huawei Live Trial Extends Range of Pre-standard 5G in Milan|Vodafone and Huawei have completed a trial on a full end-to-end (E2E) network of a technique to improve the range of high frequency spectrum that can in future be used to deliver 5G to its customers.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2017|Huawei’s Pizza OLT Solution to Accelerate FTTH Network Deployment|Huawei today officially launched its Pizza Optical Line Terminal (OLT) solution, which is based on new one rack unit (U) box-shaped OLTs that feature compact size and low density. This solution further enriches fiber to the home (FTTH) solutions and product portfolios, helping operators speed deployment of FTTH networks.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2017|Huawei and GSA Detail 5G Solution for Indoor Digitalization|Huawei and GSA have detailed the requirements for 5G in indoor digitalization in a white paper released at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) 2017. The 5G-Oriented Indoor Digitalization Solution White Paper addresses development trends in indoor mobile networks and technologies in the 5G era.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2017|Huawei Releases Site on Demand Solution to Help Operators Bridge Digital Divide in Emerging Markets|Huawei has announced a Site on Demand solution that helps operators in emerging markets cut site total cost of ownership (TCO) by breaking down the boundaries of infrastructure and network equipment to improve network capabilities using cloud and big data technology.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2017|Mobile Operators Share Indoor Digital Small Cell System Using Huawei LampSite Sharing Solution|Huawei announced that it has successfully deployed the first multi-operator indoor digital network using the LampSite Sharing solution in the UK with EE, O2, and one other mobile network operator during the global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) event at the ExCel, London.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2017|Huawei’s Unified, Simplified LTE Network Offers Operators Future- Proof Network|At the 4.5G Evolution Summit during the 2017 Global MBB Forum, Veni Shone, President of Huaweis LTE Product Line, officially introduced the concept of enabling full service on a unified, simplified infrastructure network for MBB2020. Huawei plans to incubate a full range of services on a smart network that delivers a Giga experience. Huawei will work with operators to construct a future-proof network that is driven by both technological development and business success.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2017|Huawei Releases Industry’s First “Dual-200” Massive MIMO AAU|Huawei recently announced its industry-leading high power (200W) and high bandwidth (200MHz) "Dual-200" C-band Massive MIMO AAU at the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum. The device can reduce the overall cost of C-band deployment and maximize existing site and spectrum resources, to significantly improve wireless network capacity and user experience.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2017|Huawei Releases New-Generation 5G-oriented Base Station|At the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum in London, Huawei, the world's leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, released a new generation of 5G-oriented base station featuring three highlights: "extreme simplicity", "extreme speed", and "extreme evolution". The base station is designed for network deployment in multi-band, multi-RAT, and multi-service scenarios in the future.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs Releases Top Ten 5G Use Cases|At the eighth Global Mobile Broadband Forum (Global MBBF) in London, Huawei Wireless X Labs released Top Ten 5G Use Cases white paper. By analyzing multiple dimensions like industry reliance on 5G, business value, and service maturity, the white paper identifies ten of the most promising 5G use cases, leading the future direction of the 5G industry.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2017|President of Panama Meets Huawei Founder in Beijing|An official delegation from Panama, led by President Juan Carlos Varela, visited Huawei today at its Executive Briefing Center in Beijing. The delegation was received by Huawei's founder, Mr. Ren Zhengfei, who took President Varela on a tour of Huawei's facilities.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Thai Deputy Prime Minister Prajin Juntong Joins Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping in MoU Signing Ceremony on Cloud|Today, Thai Deputy Prime Minister Prajin Juntong met with Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping in Bangkok. They exchanged views on how Thailand and Huawei can more effectively band together in the cloud and big data sectors and talent development to enable digital transformation of the Thai government and promote the Thailand 4.0 strategy.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs and MGI Sign MoU on the Exploration of Real-time Wireless Telemedicine|At the 8th Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei Wireless X Labs and MGI signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) on wireless telemedicine. In 2018, the two parties will work together to provide wireless remote ultrasonic diagnosis applications based on Huawei's wireless connection technologies and MGI's remote ultrasonic diagnosis system. It will be the industry's first use of mobile network technologies in real-time operation applications for telemedicine.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei continues hat-trick win at Asia’s leading telecom industry awards|Huawei today announced it received top honours in three categories, namely 5G Innovation of the Year, Internet-of-Things (IoT) / Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Solution Innovation of the Year and Smart City Innovation of the Year, at the 2017 Telecom Asia Readers Choice|Innovation Awards. Now in its 10th edition, the annual awards ceremony took place yesterday.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|BT and Huawei to Base £25 Million R&D Group at the University Of Cambridge|BT and Huawei today announced a new five-year initiative which aims to see the two companies establish a joint research and collaboration group at the University of Cambridge.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei and Schréder Launch Shuffle Site|At the Eighth Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Schrder, a leading global outdoor lighting solutions provider and Huawei jointly launched Shuffle Site, a multipurpose pole-shaped small cell solution. This solution combines Schrder's multifunctional LED light column Shuffle and Huawei's outdoor small cell products.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei's RuralStar2.0 Shortens ROI Periods to Less than 5 Years|Huawei launched RuralStar2.0, an innovative rural network solution, at the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum in London. This solution provides super-distance, extended voice coverage and rural MBB access at low cost and shortens ROI periods to less than five years, allowing operators to rapidly deploy sites in remote areas and connect the unconnected.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei Launches its Latest Government Cloud Solution to Western Europe, Reshaping City Administration Efficiency|Huawei launched its latest Government Cloud Solution to Western Europe at the Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) 2017. The solution provides a unified framework to integrate private and public clouds into an open-sourced platform. Cloud providers in Western Europe leverage this solution to drive city administration innovation and meet government customers' service needs.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2017|Huawei Helps PLDT Upgrade Copper Networks and Move Towards a Digital Society Beyond 100 Mbit/s|Huawei announced that it will cooperate with PLDT, a leading operator in the Philippines, to use existing copper line resources for deploying SuperVector and G.fast networks, which provide bandwidth of up to 300 Mbit/s and 800 Mbit/s respectively. By using Huawei's solutions, PLDT will be able to economically and efficiently build ultra-broadband (UBB) networks.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|5G Era: Develop New Capabilities, Seize New Business Opportunities|At the 8th Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Ryan Ding, Huawei Executive Director and President of the Carrier Business Group, called on global carriers to incubate new services based on 4.5G networks to build new capabilities in advance of 5G emergence.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei Holds the International Railway Summit to Accelerate Digital Railway Transformation with Leading New ICT|The Fifth International Railway Summit is hosted by IRITS Events in association with the International Union of Railways (UIC) and Huawei Technologies. The event, taking place in Kuala Lumpur on 15-17 November 2017, attracted nearly 200 delegates from global vendors, industry leaders, rail operators and experts.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei and EE Showcase 5G Uplink and Downlink Decoupling Proof of Concept in London|Today at the 8th Global Mobile Broadband Forum in London, Huawei showcased a 5G deployment with unique 5G New Radio and LTE co-site deployment to separate uplink and downlink on different bands. The 5G uplink and downlink (UL/DL) decoupling was demonstrated live for the first time at London ExCel over an end-to-end network.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei Announces Three Cooperative Directions for TechCity 2018 to Accelerate Monetization of New Technologies|At the Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei announced three cooperative directions of TechCity for 2018. Huawei is excited and honored to work together with global operators towards building a leadership position from the aspects of technology, business, and social responsibility. TechCity will contribute to better connected cities and an enriched City life.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei and University of Edinburgh to Research Potential of AI Robotics Systems Operating Over 5G Networks|Today at the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei and the University of Edinburgh signed a research cooperation to investigate the potential for AI robotics systems to operate over next generation 5G wireless networks.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei Customers Win Prestigious Awards at Smart City Expo World Congress 2017|Four Huawei customers were recognized for their outstanding Smart City achievements and have won or were finalists for esteemed awards at the Smart City Expo World Congress 2017 (SCEWC).
NEWS | NOV 16, 2017|Huawei Releases TubeStar as New Urban Macro Site Solution|Huawei launched the TubeStar innovative macro base station solution prior to the 2017 Global Mobile Broadband Forum. This solution targets at three customer pain points, namely high urban macro site deployment cost, difficult site acquisition, and poor deployment efficiency. The TubeStar solution breaks the boundary of traditional product and takes into account the combined costs of civil work, power supply, transmission, and base station equipment.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Groupe PSA and Huawei Enter into Global Partnership on Connected Cars|Huawei has announced a long-term partnership with Groupe PSA, the largest car manufacturer in Europe with multiple car brands under its umbrella, including Peugeot, Citron, DS, and Opel, Vauxhall. The partnership will see both companies collaborate in the connected car to provide innovative mobility services and solutions to customers.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Huawei Rotating CEO Ken Hu: Building Intelligent Networks and Reshaping the World with Mobile|The 8th Global Mobile Broadband Forum kicked off in London today, gathering over 1,400 leaders from mobile telecom operators, vertical industries, standards organizations, and industrial alliances around the world. Ken Hu, the Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO at Huawei, outlined a world where all things are connected, presenting telecom operators with nearly limitless growth potential.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs Announces Digital Sky Initiative to Enable the Low Airspace Digitized Economy|Huawei Wireless X Labs announced the "Digital Sky Initiative" today during the eighth Global Mobile Broadband Forum (Global MBBF). The purpose is to spur development of drone applications and enable the low airspace digitized economy via enhanced low airspace network coverage.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs and TPCAST Sign MoU to Develop 5G Cloud VR Rendering Solution|During the 8th Global Mobile Broadband Forum, TPCAST and Huawei Wireless X Labs signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to develop a 5G cloud VR rendering solution. TPCAST plans to offer a ultra-low latency codec and real-time VR data control protocol, while Huawei provides cutting-edge 5G network technologies.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Huawei Showcases New-Generation FusionServer V5 High-Performance Servers at SC17|At SuperComputing 2017 (SC17), Huawei unveiled the new-generation FusionServer V5 4-socket high-performance server line-up, including the FusionServer 2488 V5 2U 4-socket rack server and the FusionServer CH242 V5 full-width 4-socket blade.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2017|Huawei and Heavy Reading Release the White Paper for 5G Core Network Service-Based Architecture|Huawei and Heavy Reading jointly released the 5G core network Service-Based Architecture (SBA) white paper, which elaborates the network requirements, architecture definition and key features of SBA under development for 5G Core.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2017|Huawei Creates a Smart City Nervous System|for More Than 100 Cities with Leading New ICT|Huawei is participating in the Smart City Expo World Congress 2017 (SCEWC) in Barcelona under the theme of Leading New ICT, Creating a Smart City Nervous System, highlighting how a Smart City can be like a living organism that works seamlessly to continuously learn and enhance the citys services.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2017|Huawei Releases Position Paper on 5G Spectrum, Appealing for Global Harmonisation|At the 8th Global Mobile Broadband (MBB) Forum held on Nov 15th in London, Huawei releases a Position Paper on 5G Spectrum, which presents Huawei's insights and recommendations on 5G spectrum policy. This paper aims to call upon the industry's organizations and regulators to facilitate spectrum harmonisation and ensure timely availability for early deployment and large-scale commercial use of 5G.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2017|Huawei Cloud Container Engine Gained first wave of Certificated Kubernetes Qualification|Recently the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) certified the first group of Kubernetes offerings under the Certified Kubernetes Conformance Program, Cloud Container Engine (CCE) of Huawei Cloud gained this certification. Cloud Container Engine (CCE) is a high-reliability, high-performance enterprise container application management service provided by Huawei Cloud, launched last year.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2017|TELUS and Huawei Continue to Lead the Way in Canada's Journey to 5G with Innovative Small-cell Deployment|Huawei and TELUS, Canada's fastest growing national telecommunications company, today announced that they have successfully deployed an innovative small-cell solution to deliver lightning-fast speeds exceeding 1 Gbps in both indoor and outdoor networks in the downtown-Vancouver "5G Living Lab."
NEWS | NOV 14, 2017|Huawei Contributions to Telco Industry Recognized at AfricaCom 2017|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, received two prestigious awards, Delivering Excellence in Customer Experience and Best Innovation in Broadcast - Broadband Convergence at the just wrapped up AfricaCom 2017 in Cape Town, South Africa.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2017|SIRO announces €25m Contract with Huawei for 100% Fiber-Optic Broadband Technology|SIRO, the open-access broadband provider delivering Irelands first 100% fiber-optic broadband network to 50 towns nationwide, announced that it has signed a contract with global ICT leader, Huawei. The contract, valued at over 25 million, sees Huawei supply SIRO with end to end network equipment for its phase one deployment to 50 regional towns. The contract was announced at Huaweis Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF) 2017 in Hangzhou today where SIRO CEO, Sean Atkinson is a keynote speaker.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2017|Huawei Demonstrates Safe and Efficient Oil and Gas ICT Solutions at ADIPEC|Huawei held its Global Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi on November 12. With the theme of 'Leading New ICT for Higher Safety and Efficiency in the Oil and Gas Industry', this summit attracted more than 200 customers, partners, and senior experts from the oil and gas industry, who gathered to discuss how to reduce costs, ensure safe operations, achieve sustainable development, and boost the oil and gas industry's transition to smart operations.
NEWS | NOV 10, 2017|Huawei Cloud Tops List of Cloud Vendors for OpenStack Users|In the latest OpenStack User Survey, released at the OpenStack Summit in Sydney, November 6th to 8th, Huawei Cloud tops the list of cloud vendors for OpenStack users. This is a testament to OpenStack users' recognition of the leading technologies and service capabilities of Huawei's cloud operating system FusionSphere.
NEWS | NOV 10, 2017|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO Successfully Demonstrate Japan's First 5G mmWave CPE Application|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO, Inc., Japan's largest mobile communications carrier, jointly demonstrated the first live-demo of 5G Customer premises equipment (CPE) application at the DOCOMO Encounter the revelation of nearfuture : - 5G creates lifestyles of future exhibition in Tokyo, Japan.
NEWS | NOV 09, 2017|Huawei Announces New OpenLab in Malaysia to Drive Digital Transformation in APAC|Over 200 government officials, technology experts, scholars, and representatives from tech companies gathered today from all across the Asia-Pacific region for the third annual Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day, held in Kuala Lumpur. The event was co-hosted by Malaysia's Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI), the Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (MDEC), the Malaysia-China Business Council, and Huawei Technologies.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2018|Huawei Collaborates with Hortonworks to Offer High-Performance Data Platform Based on ARM Servers|At DataWorks Summit, Hortonworks, Inc., a leading provider of global data management solutions, recently announced extending its partnership with Huawei through a collaboration to provide Hortonworks Data Platform (HDP) on Huaweis next generation Taishan series ARM based servers.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2018|TSN+OPC UA Testbed Jointly Built by Huawei and 30 Partners Exhibited at World's Largest IoT Summit|The industry-leading Time-Sensitive Networking (TSN) + OPC Unified Architecture (OPC UA) Testbed including six main industrial interconnection scenarios was exhibited for three days at the world's largest IoT summit|IoT Solution World Congress.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2018|Huawei Cloud VR Business Solution Wins the Gold Award for Innovation at 2018 World Conference on VR Industry|Huawei's Cloud VR business solution won the Gold Award for Innovation at the 2018 World Conference on VR Industry for the innovation in technologies and business models.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2018|Huawei's SmartWi-Fi Solution Enables Batelco to Achieve Premium Home Wi-Fi Coverage|Batelco announced that it will adopt Huawei's SmartWi-Fi solution to provide customers with intelligent and seamless high-speed Wi-Fi coverage, and enhance users' home broadband experience through remote cloud management and intelligent troubleshooting systems.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2018|Huawei Announces IoT Security White Paper 2018 to Help Build a Secure IoT|Huawei announced the IoT Security White Paper 2018 in the fourth IoT Solutions World Congress.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2018|Huawei CloudFabric Supports Container Network Deployment Automation, Improving Enterprise Service Agility|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei announced that its CloudFabric Cloud Data Center Solution supports container network deployment automation and will be available for the industry-leading enterprise Kubernetes platform via a new plug-in.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2018|Huawei and Siemens Jointly Release the Manufacturing Cloud Desktop Solution|At Huawei CONNECT 2018, Huawei and Siemens jointly launched the manufacturing cloud desktop solution, which runs the Siemens NX software on the Huawei FusionAccess Desktop Cloud platform.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2018|PEACE Cable Project Enters into Cable and Material Manufacturing Stage|PEACE Cable International Network Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of HENGTONG Group, and Huawei Marine Networks Co., Ltd today announce that the PEACE Cable project has entered into the cable and material manufacturing stage.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2018|Huawei and YITU Jointly Launched the Intelligent Campus Solution|Huawei and YITU jointly launched the intelligent campus solution for enterprises at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2018|Huawei Launched Intelligent Servers at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018|Huawei launched its Intelligent Server series at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2018|Huawei Hosts the Middle East 5G Ecosystem Conference|Huawei hosted the 5G Ecosystem Conference under the theme 5G is Now, Sailing to New eMBB Horizons on the sidelines of the 3rd annual Middle East Innovation Day.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2018|Huawei Wins Business Transformation Award and Nominated for Innovation Technology Award at the IoT Solutions World Congress 2018|The IoT Solutions World Congress 2018 recently announced award winners in four categories at a gala dinner in Barcelona, Spain, recognizing the work, leadership and transformation that stand out in the IoT.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2018|Huawei and Riverbed Technology Launched a Joint Solution to Accelerate Performance of NAS-based Data Migration Services|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei and Riverbed Technology, the Digital Performance Company, announced a joint solution which brings together Riverbed SteelHead.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2018|Huawei Released the FusionROBO Solution for Enterprise Branch Management|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei launched FusionROBO, an integrated solution for enterprises to manage their devices and resources remotely under a single management system.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei and Partners Release the OceanConnect IoT Cloud Service Industry White Paper to Build a Receptive Ecosystem|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released the Huawei OceanConnect IoT Cloud Service Industry White Paper and joint solution white papers for multiple industries with partners.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Orange Spain and Huawei Jointly Released 5G-oriented "1+1" Full-scenario Antenna Solutions|Orange Spain and Huawei recently joined forces to hold the 7th Global Antenna Technology|Industry Forum in Madrid and release a series of 5G-oriented "1+1" full-scenario antenna solutions.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei Interprets the Simplified Network Concept for 5G|At the SDN NFV World Congress 2018, Huawei explains what simplified 5G networks mean from four key aspects: simplified sites, simplified architecture, simplified protocols, and simplified operations|maintenance (OM).
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei and Atempo Jointly Released Unstructured Data Movement Solution|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei and Atempo jointly released the high-performance and massively scalable Unstructured Data Movement Solution that supports Huaweis full range of Network Attached Storage (NAS) and object storage products.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei Released Intelligent Acceleration Engine Series to Fuel Enterprise Applications with New Speeds|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released a series of intelligent acceleration engine components, including the IN5500 smart network interface card (SmartNIC) and the ES3000 V5 series SSD hard drives.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei Launched Converged Data Management Solution to Provide Cloud Backup and Disaster Recovery for All-Flash Storage|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei launched the Converged Data Management (CDM) Solution to provide cloud backup and disaster recovery (DR) functions for all-flash storage.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2018|Huawei Launches the Industry’s First AI-Based Firewall, Enabling Intelligent Enterprise Border Protection|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei has launched the industrys first AI-based firewall, which integrates the capability of detecting advanced threats and collaborating with the cloud, to provide intelligent network border protection for enterprises.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2018|A Higher Intelligence: Huawei Unveils HUAWEI Mate 20 Series|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) today unveiled the HUAWEI Mate 20 Series, one of the most highly anticipated smartphone series of the year.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2018|Asia-Pacific WTTx Summit Sees Joint Declaration to Drive the Growth of Digital Home|GTI, Informa and Huawei successfully held the Asia-Pacific WTTx (fixed wireless access) summit with the theme Bring Affordable and Fast Fixed Wireless Broadband to Every Household.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2018|Huawei Business-Critical Cloud Storage FusionStorage Accelerates Cloud Transformation of Critical Business|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei announced the update for its next-generation business-critical cloud storage FusionStorage.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2018|Huawei Released KunLun L-Par Service Consolidation Solution|Huawei released the KunLun logical partitioning (L-Par) Service Consolidation Solution at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2018|Huawei Launched FusionCube Hybrid Cloud Solution|Huawei launched the FusionCube Hybrid Cloud Solution at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Huawei Releases IoT Cloud Service 2.0 to Enable Industrial IoT by Combining Connectivity, Cloud, and Intelligence|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei officially released IoT Cloud Service 2.0 and announced its IoT strategy (Provide IoT Infrastructure and Build up an Ecosystem).
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Huawei Releases the iCooling@AI Solution, Helping Data Center Shift from Cooling to “Smart Cooling”|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released the AI-based iCooling solution for customers around the world, helping cooling systems of large data centers shift from cooling to smart cooling.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Huawei and Microsoft Launch All-Flash Azure Stack Solution to Accelerate Hybrid Cloud Services|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei and Microsoft jointly released an all-flash Azure Stack solution that helps enterprises accelerate hybrid cloud services and improve data reliability, bringing ultimate experience.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Huawei Debuted the Mobile Data Center at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei launched its Mobile Data Center (MDC).
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Huawei Supports Innovative High Performance and Edge Computing Cross-Industry Initiative|Atos, E4, Forschungszentrum Jlich, Fraunhofer FOKUS, Huawei, Mellanox, and SUSE announced the further development of an open and feature-rich ecosystem that will support the evolving needs of industries undergoing digitalization including their respective stakeholders.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2018|Standard Chartered and Huawei Partner to Develop Internet of Things Solution to Expand Ecosystem Lending|Standard Chartered and Huawei have announced that they are developing an Internet of Things (IoT) powered solution that could revolutionise the way corporates communicate with banks for financing or payments.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2018|Huawei Releases Faster Full-Lifecycle AI Development Platform|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released its faster AI development platform ModelArts, vision AI application development platform HiLens, and quantum computing software cloud service platform HiQ.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2018|Huawei Releases the AI Developer Enablement Program|Huawei has released its AI Developer Enablement Program at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018. The program will help Huawei collaborate with developers, partners, universities, and research institutions.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2018|Huawei Unveils Quantum Computing Simulation HiQ Cloud Service Platform|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei has released a cloud service platform for quantum computing simulation|HiQ, which includes a quantum computing simulator and a quantum programming framework on the simulator.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2018|88 Prize Winners Selected from the 2018 Huawei Developer Challenge|The 2018 Huawei Developer Challenge was held during HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, and 88 contest winners were selected.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|T-Systems and Huawei launch PLAS Service at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018 in Shanghai, T-Systems and Huawei announce the launch of the Private Link Access Service (PLAS).
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|Huawei Releases HiSec Intelligent Security Solution to Build a Secure Foundation for ICT Infrastructure|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei has released HiSec, a leading intelligent security solution.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|Huawei Holds Global Industry Organization (GIO) Roundtable and Announces Global Industry Cooperation Plan|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei today held the Global Industry Organizations (GIO) Roundtable and committed to connecting global industry organizations, promoting digital transformation of industries, and mutually building an intelligent world for the future.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|Huawei Cloud Releases EI Intelligent Twins for Cities|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released the Huawei Cloud EI Intelligent Twins solution for cities.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|Huawei and Audi Announce Joint Innovation in L4 Automatic Driving|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, today Huawei and Audi show their future plans of a cooperation in the field of intelligent connected vehicles (ICV), featuring the new Audi Q7 as a demonstration of this state-of-the-art technology.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2018|Huawei Launches the Atlas Intelligent Computing Platform to Fuel an AI Future with Supreme Compute Power|Today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei released the Atlas intelligent computing platform powered by Huawei Ascend series of AI chips and mainstream heterogeneous computing components.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Huawei Announces AI + Digital Platform|to Accelerate Digital Transformation|Today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, under the theme of Power of the Platform, Huawei Enterprise Business Group shared how its new digital platform strategy will enable governments and enterprises to accelerate digital transformation and achieve new levels of innovation and growth.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Huawei Updates the Industry-Oriented Intent-Driven Network Solution|During HUAWEI CONNECT 2018 in Shanghai, Huawei updated the industry-oriented Intent-Driven Network (IDN) solution, which builds a complete network system based on the digital world and physical networks.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Bosch IoT Suite services launch on Huawei Cloud|Today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Bosch, a leading global supplier of technology and services, and Huawei, a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices, announced a partnership to accelerate the development of the Internet of Things (IoT) in China.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Huawei Helps Customers Innovate with Intelligent Cloud Data Centers|Today, at HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei held a summit themed of Activate Intelligence: The Innovative Path to Intelligent Cloud Data Centers.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Experts Discuss Intelligent Growth at 2018 Digital Economy Forum in Shanghai|On the first day of HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei held the 2018 Digital Economy Forum, with the theme "An Intelligent Path Towards Digital Economy".
NEWS | OCT 10, 2018|Huawei Releases AI Strategy and Full-Stack, All-Scenario AI Portfolio|The third annual HUAWEI CONNECT, a global event for the ICT industry, opened today at the Shanghai World Expo Exhibition and Convention Center.
NEWS | OCT 09, 2018|Huawei Launches Industry's First 5G Power Solution|Under the theme Define telecom energy in 5G era, Global ICT Energy Efficiency Summit was held in Turin, Italy.
NEWS | OCT 09, 2018|Huawei Wins the 2018 Frost & Sullivan "Global End-to-End Enterprise IoT Platform Growth Excellence Leadership Award"|Based on in-depth research and analysis of the global IoT platform market, Frost|Sullivan has lauded Huawei with the "Global End-to-End Enterprise IoT Platform Growth Excellence Leadership Award" in recognition of its efforts to create a comprehensive ecosystem and contribution in the Enterprise IoT platform market.
NEWS | OCT 05, 2018|Huawei Jumps to No. 68 in Interbrand Best Global Brands 2018|Huawei was named the world's 68th most valuable brand in Best Global Brands 2018, released by leading brand consultancy Interbrand. Huawei climbed two places from 2017, and its brand value increased by 14% to US$7.6 billion.
NEWS | OCT 04, 2018|Huawei Helps CMHK Build a 5G-ready Comprehensive Transport Network|Recently, China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited (CMHK) announced that it will partner with Huawei to build a 5G-ready comprehensive transport network covering 5G transport, enterprise private lines, and home broadband.
NEWS | OCT 03, 2018|Beeline and Huawei Conduct the First 5G Holographic Call in Russia|VimpelCom (Beeline brand) and Huawei held a demonstration showcasing the latest fifth generation (5G) mobile connection technologies.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2018|Notice on Rotating Chairman Tenure|In accordance with Huawei's Rotating Chairman system, Mr. Guo Ping will assume the position of Rotating and Acting Chairman of Huawei from October 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. During his term, Mr. Guo will serve as the company's top leader, and head the Board of Directors and its Executive Committee.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2018|Huawei Helps Monaco Telecom Open 5G in the Principality of Monaco|Only three weeks after the partnership with Huawei, Monaco Telecom unveiled its nationwide 5G mobile network at the Monaco Yacht Show.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2018|Huawei Announces the Commercial Use of Industry's First Enterprise-Class 802.11ax Wi-Fi Network in “Super i-Shanghai” Information Booths, China|The first enterprise-class 802.11ax Wi-Fi network in the industry has been rolled out for Super i-Shanghai information booths in Shanghai, China.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2018|Huawei Leads with Completion of China’s 5G Technology R&D Test Third Phase|Today, in the 5G Innovation Development Summit of China's International ICT Exhibition and Conference, IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group announced current progress of Chinas 5G Technology RD (research and development) Test third phase.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2018|Vodafone, China Mobile and Huawei showcase Cross-Operator VPN service orchestration using ONAP at Open Networking Summit Europe 2018|Three Platinum Members of Linux Foundations ONAP (Open Network Automation Platform), Vodafone, China Mobile and Huawei, have collaborated to demonstrate advanced ONAP orchestration capabilities for cross-operator multilayer VPN services.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2018|Huawei's Cloud-based Core Network Solutions Win Multiple Awards at PTEXPO|Huawei's cloud-based core network solutions won multiple awards at the PT Expo China (PTEXPO).
NEWS | SEP 25, 2018|Huawei and Intel Complete the Standalone First Call in China's Third-Phase 5G R&D Test|Today, in the third phase of China's 5G technology RD trial organized by China's IMT-2020 (5G) promotion group, Huawei and Intel jointly completed the SA (Standalone) First Call test based on the latest 3GPP Rel-15 2018 June specs, thus completing the entire process of the 3GPP R15 protocol.
NEWS | SEP 25, 2018|Huawei Helps Italian Operators TIM and Fastweb Launch the First 3GPP Standard 5G Commercial Base Station|TIM and Fastweb put the first 5G base station (complying with 3GPP standards) into commercial use, featuring Huawei's end-to-end (E2E) 5G equipment.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2018|Huawei and ASTRI Showcase Results of Joint Technological Endeavours through Successful LTE- V2X Demonstrations in Wuxi, China|Huawei and Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute (ASTRI) signed an agreement to set up a joint Connected Vehicle (C-V2X) Research Group.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2018|Huawei’s Unified IP Rail Solution Empowers the Industry to Enter the All-IP Era|At the InnoTrans 2018 held in Berlin, Germany, with the rail industrys all-IP trend, Huawei launched the unified IP rail solution.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2018|Huawei Unveils Innovative Urban Rail Cloud and Railway IoT Solutions at InnoTrans 2018|At InnoTrans 2018 in Berlin, Germany, Huawei launched a pair of innovative solutions|Urban Rail Cloud and Railway Internet of Things (IoT).
NEWS | SEP 20, 2018|Estonian President Kersti Kaljulaid Meets Huawei to Discuss ICT Infrastructure Build-out and Digital Transformation|Huawei Vice President and board member Peng Zhongyang met with Estonias President Kersti Kaljulaid, to discuss ICT infrastructure build-out, digital transformation and to outline Huaweis plan to enhance collaboration with Estonia.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2018|Huawei Awarded 5G Telecom Service Innovation & IoT Leadership Awards at TechXLR8 Asia Awards 2018|Huawei won two acclaimed awards|Best Telecom Service Innovation and Leadership in IoT,|at the TechXLR8 Asia Awards 2018 in Singapore.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2018|Huawei MEC Solution Wins "The Best Edge Computing Technology for 5G Evolution" Award|The Huawei MEC solution won "The Best Edge Computing Technology for 5G Evolution" award at the Edge Computing Congress in 2018.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2018|WIoT 2018 Award for First LTE-V2X Commercial Solution Launched by Huawei and industry partners|During the World Internet of Things Exposition (WIoT), Huawei together with project partners launched the city-wide LTE-V2X network by commercial solutions and won the special award from WIoT.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2018|Huawei and Shanghai Shentong Metro Group Release the World’s First Commercial Case of the OTN Urban Rail Transit Network|Together with Shanghai Shentong Metro Group Co., LTD, Huawei has comprehensively analyzed the metro network operational communication bearer and backbone communication, and also shared the planning and project best practice, for the Shanghai Rail Transit Information Network.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2018|Huawei Launches ICT Solutions for Cloud-based Railways at InnoTrans 2018 to Safeguard the Future of Mobility|At InnoTrans 2018, Huawei today launched new ICT solutions including Urban Rail Cloud, and Railway IoT Solution, released the worlds first commercial case in the field of urban rail-oriented OTN powered high-speed bearer network, all designed to help rail operators deliver a connected, safe and efficient experience for passengers.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2018|ITC and Huawei Launch Study on Leveraging Technology to Advance Implementation of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement|The International Trade Centre (ITC) and Huawei Technologies have launched a new study|Faster Customs, Faster Trade|Using Technology for Trade Facilitation|which explores the interplay between international trade in information and communication technology (ICT) solutions and their use in implementing the World Trade Organizations (WTO) Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA).
NEWS | SEP 15, 2018|Huawei Video Strategy Aims to Help Carriers Offer New Video Experiences, with a Simplified Network and Ecosystem that Enables Innovation|Huawei has unveiled its video technology strategy at the IBC2018 conference in Amsterdam.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2018|Huawei and Hunan Broadcasting System Jointly Launch Media Fabric, an IP-based Solution for 4K Production and Broadcasting|At IBC 2018, the world's most influential media, entertainment|technology show, Huawei and Hunan Broadcasting System jointly launched Media Fabric, an innovative IP-based 4K production and broadcasting solution.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2018|Huawei First to Complete IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group's Third Phase Core Network Test for 5G SA|Huawei became the first vendor to pass China's 5G standalone (SA) test.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2018|Digital World and Physical Networks Join Forces to Speed Up Intent-Driven Network Innovation|At the fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2018), Kevin Hu, president of Huawei Network Product Line, highlighted that structural issues related to telecom networks have become the biggest obstacle in telecom industry development.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2018|Huawei Releases the Cloud VR Solution White Paper|At the fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2018), Huawei released the Cloud VR Solution White Paper, providing an overview of the architecture and detailing the solution from the perspectives of the cloud, pipe, and terminal ecosystems.
NEWS | SEP 13, 2018|Huawei Position Paper: Dynamic and Healthy Development of ICT Industry Needs Support and Guidance from Governments|Huawei Technologies has launched a position paper during the ITU Telecom World 2018 in Durban, South Africa from 10-13 September.
NEWS | SEP 13, 2018|Huawei WTTx Wins 2018 ITU Global Corporate Award: Sustainable Development|At the ITU Telecom World 2018 held on September 10, Huawei's wireless to the x (WTTx) solution won the Global Corporate Award: Sustainable Development for the outstanding contributions in accelerating the global penetration of broadband connections and improving household and enterprise broadband connections.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2018|Huawei 5G Transport Network Key Technologies Pass EANTC Testing|Huawei's 5G key technologies of CloudMetro solution recently passed rigorous testing by the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC), an internationally recognized independent test center.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2018|Huawei Wins ‘Smart Data Center’ and ‘Living at the Edge’ DCD Awards|At the Datacenter Dynamics (DCD) Asia Pacific awards party, Huawei won two awards with Shandong Unicom and Chindata.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2018|China Unicom Xinjiang (Aksu) & Huawei Provide 3G/4G Signals for "Treasure Hunters" in Gobi Desert|China Unicom Xinjiang Aksu Branch (hereinafter referred to as Xinjiang Aksu Unicom) and Huawei announced the joint deployment of RuralStar sites deep in the Gobi Desert, bringing 3G/4G network coverage to the oil exploration camp.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei Rotating Chairman Guo Ping meets Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz to promote R&D collaboration and digital transformation|During a meeting with Austrian Federal Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Minister for Digital and Economic Affairs, Margarete Schrambck, Huawei Rotating Chairman, Guo Ping, discussed ICT infrastructure build-out and digital transformation, and outlined the company's plan for increased RD collaboration with Austria.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei's David Wang: Moving Towards Autonomous Driving Networks|David Wang, Huawei's Executive Director of the Board and President of Products|Solutions, attended and addressed the fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2018).
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei and Industry Partners Announce Global 4K UHD Video Industry Cooperation Initiative|Huawei joined hands with leading parties in the UHD industry to form a new collaboration initiative.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei Takes Leading Role in China’s Third Phase 5G SA Tests|Huawei today said it is the first company to complete a 5G SA (standalone) functional C-Band test of NR(New Radio) based on 3GPP standard.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei Releases Optical Refarming Solution|At the fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2018), Huawei released its optical refarming solution, which aims to help operators invest more accurately and improve network capabilities based on existing network resources.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei Releases 600G Ultra-High-Speed Optical Network Solution|Huawei officially released a 600G ultra-high-speed optical network solution at the fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2018).
NEWS | SEP 11, 2018|Huawei Launches the Industry’s first Cloud-Scale Programmable Router NE40E-F1A, Comprehensively Upgrading CloudMetro Solution|At UBBF 2018, Huawei launched the industry's first cloud-scale programmable router - NE40E-F1A, which provides a capacity of 2Tbit/s and ultra-high-density interfaces and supports SRv6 flexible programming.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2018|Huawei's Ryan Ding: Premium Broadband Powered by Ecosystem & AI, Helping Operators Go Beyond Today's Business|The fifth Ultra-Broadband Forum was held in Geneva, Switzerland today.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2018|Huawei NE9000 Routers Help Idea Cellular Deploy Future-oriented and Sustainable Ultra-Broadband Networks|Indias telecom service provider Idea Cellular and Huawei recently announced that they had successfully built converged, efficient, future-oriented, and sustainable ultra-broadband networks with Huawei's next-generation flagship routers|NE9000s, enabling Idea Cellular to provide optimal services to users.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2018|South Atlantic Inter Link Connecting Cameroon to Brazil Fully Connected|The South Atlantic Inter Link (SAIL) consortium announced the completion of the close to 6000km marine installation of its 25-year life- span transatlantic fiber optic subsea cable on September 4th.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2018|HKT, GSA and Huawei Release Indoor 5G Networks White Paper|Hong Kong Telco (HKT), Global mobile Suppliers Association (GSA), and Huawei have jointly issued Indoor 5G Networks White Paper which explains the complexity of indoor 5G network deployment.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2018|Huawei Releases the ShapeCloud Data Center Integration Solution|At the 2018 OTF conference, Huawei released the "ShapeCloud" data center integration solution to help customers build a data center that requires on-demand construction, unified management, ecological convergence, and all-servitization.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2018|Huawei Releases Robust Network Service, Inventing the Intelligent Maintenance Future|Today, at the 2018 Operation Transformation Forum, Huawei released a Robust Network Service.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2018|Huawei Service Crafting Center (SCC) Solution, Digital Service Enables Self-driving of Telco Network Automation|At the Operations Transformation Forum 2018, Huawei announces the launch of the TelcoCraft Service Crafting Center (SCC) Solution, which aims to help Communication Service Providers (CSP) to realize network automation by adopting a new service creation and operation model.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2018|Now is the Time to Go Digital: Operations Transformation Forum 2018 Held in Munich|The Operations Transformation Forum (OTF) 2018 kicked off today, with more than 600 global guests attending the forum.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2018|Vodafone and Huawei Complete the Second Phase of Cloud-based BNG Validation|Vodafone and Huawei recently completed the second phase test of the cloud-based Broadband Network Gateway (BNG) solution in a fixed broadband scenario.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2018|Huawei Deepens Cooperation with Duisburg to Transform Germany’s Industrial Heartland into a Smart City|From September 3-4, Sren Link, Mayor of Duisburg, Germany, is leading a 19-person government delegation to visit Huaweis headquarters in Shenzhen, China and deepen their cooperation in smart city development.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2018|Mauritian Prime Minister: Huawei is a Trusted Partner of Digital Transformation|As part of his visit to China, Mauritian Prime Minister Pravind Kumar Jugnauth visited Huawei's Executive Briefing Center and held talks with Peng Zhongyang, Senior Vice President at Huawei.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2018|Somali President tours Huawei's Executive Briefing Center in Beijing|As part of his visit to China on the sidelines of the FOCAC Summit, President of the Federal Republic of Somalia H.E Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo visited Huawei's Beijing Executive Briefing Center today and met with Yi Xiang, Senior Vice President at Huawei.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2018|Botswana President: Look Forward to More Huawei Innovations to Speed Up National Digital Transformation in Botswana|President Mokgweetsi Masisi of Botswana, on his state visit to China, visited Huawei RD Center in Beijing and met Yi Xiang, Senior Vice-President of Huawei Technologies.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2018|President of Comoros: Expect to cooperate with Huawei to achieve the 2030 Strategic Vision in Comoros|As part of his visit to China, Comoros President Azali Assoumani visited Huawei's Beijing Executive Briefing Center today and met with Xue Man, Vice President of Huawei for Public Relations.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2018|Sierra Leone President: Expect to Strengthen Cooperation with Huawei for Digital Transformation|The President of Sierra Leone, Julius Maada Bio, visited Huaweis Executive Briefing Center and held talks with Li Jie, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Huawei. During the talks, Bio expressed the expectation to strengthen cooperation with Huawei and help the country's digital transformation.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2018|President of Malawi: Expect Huawei to play a more important role in Malawi national ICT construction|Arthur Peter Mutharika, President of Malawi, who is on a visit to China, had a meeting with Yi Xiang, Senior Vice President of Huawei. During the meeting, Mutharika said that Huawei has made great contributions to the construction of ICT infrastructure in Malawi.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2018|Huawei and Intel Complete the IODT Test in China's Third-Phase 5G R&D Test|Huawei and Intel announced that they have completed the Uu interface IODT (Interoperability Development Test) in the third phase of China's 5G RD test organized by China's IMT-2020 (5G) promotion group.
NEWS | AUG 30, 2018|The 4th Asia-Pacific Submarine Networks Forum Successfully Held in Shenzhen|The 4th Asia-Pacific Submarine Networks Forum with the theme of Innovation Driving Future Submarine Networks, was held in Shenzhen yesterday.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2018|Huawei and IEEE P1901.1 Working Group Jointly Celebrate Publication of PLC-IoT Standard|At CIGRE 2018|the Huawei Global Power Summit, Huawei and the members of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) P1901.1 Working Group jointly celebrated the publication of the IEEE 1901.1-2018 Standard for Medium Frequency (less than 12 MHz) Power Line Communications (PLC) for Smart Grid Applications (Standard).
NEWS | AUG 28, 2018|Huawei Announces Commercial Availability of eLTE-DSA Solution for Building a 4.5G-Based and 5G-Oriented|Power Grid Neural Network|At CIGRE 2018, Huawei launched the 4.5G-based and 5G-oriented eLTE-DSA (eLTE Discrete Spectrum Aggregation) solution for commercial use, to help global power companies build the "last mile" of the neural network for power grids.
NEWS | AUG 27, 2018|Huawei Releases Next-Generation Universal Transport Solution|for Smart Grids|Today, Huawei and Kenya Electricity Transmission Co. Ltd. provided a comprehensive analysis of the key factors of power communications network construction.
NEWS | AUG 24, 2018|Huawei named as a Leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for LTE|Network Infrastructure|Huawei is positioned as a Leader in the LTE market according to the newly-released Magic Quadrant for LTE Network Infrastructure by Gartner, a world leading advisory and research firm.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2018|The Marine Survey for Huawei Marine’s Megacable Project is Underway|Huawei Marine and Megacable announced that work is underway on marine survey for the Topolobambo|La Paz project. The submarine cable system will provide more stable and low-latency communication for La Paz, Mexicos second largest tourist destination.
NEWS | AUG 17, 2018|Huawei Wins Frost & Sullivan Asia-Pacific Video Conferencing Endpoints Market Leadership Award|Huawei was awarded the Frost|Sullivan 2018 Asia-Pacific Video Conferencing Endpoints Market Leadership Award at the 2018 Asia-Pacific ICT awards ceremony held in Singapore.
NEWS | AUG 15, 2018|Huawei and Ping An Technology Jointly Release White Paper for Innovative Practices of SD-WAN in China’s Financial Services Industry|Huawei, together with Ping An Technology, an industry-leading technology company, recently released a white paper for Innovative Practices of SD-WAN in Chinas Financial Services Industry.
NEWS | AUG 10, 2018|Celcom Partners with Huawei to Apply a Cloud-Based Platform for Digitized Network Operations|Celcom Axiata Berhad inked an agreement with Huawei Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. to apply the Cloud-based Digitized Operation Platform, Software as a Service (SaaS) solution.
NEWS | AUG 10, 2018|Huawei CloudCampus Helps Italy's Fastweb Deploy City Wi-Fi Hotspots|Recently, Italy's Fastweb chose Huawei as partner for its city Wi-Fi hotspot solution, using the CloudCampus solution to deploy Wi-Fi throughout Italy and ultimately improve user experience during Internet access.
NEWS | AUG 09, 2018|Huawei and Ivanti Sign a Cooperation Agreement to Maximize Endpoint Security and Management for Enterprise Campus Networks|Huawei announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Ivanti, the company that unifies IT and Security Operations to better manage and secure the digital workplace, to mark their cooperation in the campus network field.
NEWS | AUG 07, 2018|Huawei Debuts Its Cloud-based BNG Interface Protocol CUSP at IETF Hackathon|At IETF 102 in Montreal, Huawei participated in the "IETF Hackathon" and conducted an on-site demonstration of the Control Plane and User Plane Separated Protocol (CUSP), an interface protocol for Cloud-based BNG.
NEWS | AUG 03, 2018|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces 2018 H1 Business Results|Huawei Consumer Business Group (CBG) today announced its business results for the first half of 2018.
NEWS | JUL 31, 2018|Huawei Helps Tunisia Promote Industry’s Digitalization Development|Huawei and Tunisia have agreed to strengthen cooperation on digital development in several that countrys key economic sectors, including: transportation, education, smart city and energy.
NEWS | JUL 31, 2018|Huawei announces H1 revenue: CNY325.7 billion, 15% year-on-year growth|Huawei announced its business results today for the first half of 2018. In the first six months of this year, Huawei generated CNY325.7 billion in revenue, an increase of 15% over the same period last year. The company's operating margin in 2018 H1 was 14%.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2018|Huawei Launches HCNA-AI to Bridge the Talent Gap in the Industry|Yesterday, Huawei held a conference on its newly launched HCNA-AI in Beijing.
NEWS | JUL 26, 2018|Huawei Recognizes Dr. Erdal Arikan, the Father of Polar Codes, for his Dedication to Basic Research and Exploration|Huawei today presented a special award to Turkish professor Dr. Erdal Arikan, the inventor of polar codes for 5G, in recognition of his outstanding contribution to the development of communications technology.
NEWS | JUL 25, 2018|Huawei Demonstrated 5G Technology in Bangladesh|Posts|Telecommunications Division, Ministry of Posts, Telecommunications and Information Technology of the Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh in cooperation with Huawei and Robi, has demonstrated 5G technology for the first time in Bangladesh.
NEWS | JUL 23, 2018|Huawei Helps China Mobile Fujian Release World's First Operator Cloud VR|The worlds first operator cloud VR service was recently launched by China Mobile Fujian (Fujian Mobile) with Huawei and other partners.
NEWS | JUL 19, 2018|Huawei Sees Key Role for C-Band 100MHz/Operator in 5G Business Success|At the Fourth Annual Asia-Pacific Spectrum Management Conference Huawei said that the commercial success of 5G will depend on the availability of continuous large bandwidth (100 MHz per operator).
NEWS | JUL 18, 2018|Huawei Releases Vo5G Technical White Paper|Huawei recently released the Vo5G (Voice over 5G) Technical White Paper. Based on the development of Vo5G standard and the voice and video codec standard, Huawei has analyzed Vo5G evolution solutions in different 5G networks and specified directions for 5G voice evolution.
NEWS | JUL 11, 2018|Huawei 2017 Sustainability Report: ICT Technologies as a Key Enabler of Global Sustainable Development|Huawei today released its 2017 Sustainability Report demonstrating the initiatives undertaken in the year across four areas: Bridging the Digital Divide; Supporting Network Stability and Security and Protecting Privacy; Promoting Environmental Protection; and Building a Healthy Ecosystem.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2018|Huawei and Audi Sign Memorandum of Understanding for Strategic Cooperation|Huawei, a leading information and communications technology company, today gained a strong partner for the development of intelligent connected vehicles signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for a strategic cooperation with Audi, the German automobile manufacturer, today.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2018|3 Denmark and Huawei Joint Deploy the SingleRAN Pro 4T6S Solution for Heavy Traffic during the Roskilde Festival|3 Denmark and Huawei jointly deployed the 4T6S solution on the network covering Roskilde, before the advent of the famous Roskilde Festival.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2018|China Mobile, Intel and Huawei Complete 5G NR IODT|China Mobile (CMCC), Intel and Huawei announced that the three parties completed 5G interoperability and development testing (IODT) in compliance with the latest 3GPP Release15 Standard.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2018|Huawei Debuts its C-V2X Strategy and First RSU Commercial Solution at Mobile World Congress Shanghai|During Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2018, Xu Wenwei, Huawei's Executive Director and President of Strategic Marketing, presented Huawei's strategy for cellular vehicle-to-everything (C-V2X).
NEWS | JUL 06, 2018|China Mobile Pakistan Collaborates with Huawei to Build the First SingleRAN Pro Network in Pakistan|During the Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018, China Mobile Pakistan (CMPak) demonstrated the achievements of technological innovation based on Huaweis SingleRAN Pro, which effectively improves network capacity and user experience and reduces site power consumption and operations costs.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2018|Huawei Launches the First Commercial A/B Test Solution in the Telecom Field to Make Service Operations Agile|Huawei officially launched the first commercial A/B test solution for telecom networks to the global market. This solution helps operators quickly provision telecom services, accelerate service rollout, and build an automatic cloud-based network.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2018|Huawei Successfully Holds 2018 Global Smart City Summit Helping Central and Eastern Europe Go Digital|Today Huawei held the 2018 Global Smart City Summit and announced cooperation with Central and Eastern European (CEE) countries.
NEWS | JUL 02, 2018|Huawei AI Fabric Ultra-High-Speed Ethernet Solution Passes EANTC's High-Performance Data Center Test|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei and the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC), an internationally recognized independent test center, announced the following: With excellent test results in terms of zero packet loss, low latency, and high throughput, the Huawei AI Fabric Ultra-High-Speed Ethernet solution successfully passed EANTC's rigorous high-performance data center test, pioneering the ultra-high-speed network based on Ethernet.
NEWS | JUL 02, 2018|Huawei Identified as Global Market Leader for Third Consecutive Year in Gartner Market Share Analysis for CSP Operational Technology|In the latest annual Gartner Market Share Analysis for Communications Service Provider (CSP) Operational Technology, Huawei has been identified as the market leader for the third year in a row.
NEWS | JUL 02, 2018|Huawei’s VNF Ecosystem Ranks Leader in Strategy Analytics Research Report|In a research report Comparison of VNF Ecosystem Vendors|Solution Breadth, VNF Architecture, 5G Evolution, Openness and Ecosystem, published earlier this year by reputed market research and consulting firm Strategy Analytics, Huawei was evaluated leader in vendor positioning in terms of architectural and technology approaches against Virtual Network Function (VNF) portfolio completeness.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2018|China Mobile, Tencent, and Huawei Jointly Complete Verification of 5G eMBB Slice with stable latency in AR Games|China Mobile, Tencent, and Huawei jointly announced the completion of the verification of 5G network slices which designed for enhanced mobile broadband (eMBB) services requiring stable network latency in augmented reality (AR) games during the Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei Wins ‘Best Single-Channel Programmable 400G Product’ Award at NGON 2018|Huawei's 400G ultra-high-speed transport product, was awarded the "Best Single-Channel Programmable 400G Product" at the 20th Next Generation Optical Networking (NGON) held in Nice, France. This award cements Huawei's global leadership in the ultra-high-speed transmission field.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei Helps China Mobile Complete Hologram Video Call Using 5G SA NR Standards|At MWC Shanghai 2018, Huawei helped China Mobile complete a hologram video call using 5G standalone (SA) NR standards, showcasing their achievements in 5G standards formulation and 5G service exploration.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei's Wi-Fi Network with High Bandwidth and Low Latency Supports the Migu Health and Fitness Festival|At MWC Shanghai 2018, as the sole partner for Wi-Fi network coverage in the Migu Health and Fitness Festival exhibition hall, Huawei uses the CloudCampus solution to provide high-quality Wi-Fi network access for various services such as VR E-Sports and cloud gaming.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei and China Telecom Again Win ‘Best IoT Innovation for Mobile Networks’ Award|Huawei and China Telecom have won GSMA's Best IoT Innovation for Mobile Networks award at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2018.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei win the Smart Cities Award at Asia Communication Awards 2018|Huawei was awarded the Smart Cities Award at the 8th Asia Communication Awards (ACA) 2018, held in conjunction with ConnecTechAsia 2018.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei and China Unicom Whitepaper Addresses|5G Indoor Digital Networks|At Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2018, Huawei and China Unicom jointly published a whitepaper on 5G-oriented digital evolution of indoor coverage.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|China Mobile Works with Huawei to Jointly Demonstrate the First VR Broadcasting Based on 5G Network Slicing|At MWC Shanghai 2018, China Mobile worked with Huawei and Let in VR to jointly demonstrate the industry's first VR broadcasting service based on 5G network slicing, creating an immersive live experience for exhibition guests.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2018|Huawei Video Conference Cloud Service Wins GSMA 'Best Mobile App for Business' Award|The 2018 Asia Mobile Awards (AMO) ceremony was held at the Mobile World Congress Shanghai.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|Huawei Mobile Money Wins Best ‘Mobile Innovation for Emerging Markets’ Award at Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018|Huaweis Mobile Money Solution has been named as the Best Mobile Innovation for Emerging Markets at Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018 by GSMA. Winning this award indicates the industrys recognition of the solutions leading capabilities and excellent performance.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|China Mobile and Huawei Hold Network Experience Index Forum in Shanghai|At Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2018, China Mobile and Huawei jointly held the Network Experience Index (NEI) Forum.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|China Unicom and Huawei Sign 5G Strategic Partnership Agreement|At Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2018, China Unicom and Huawei held a signing ceremony at the Shanghais Kerry Center for a 5G strategic partnership agreement.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|Huawei PoleStar Won 2018 Asia Mobile Awards ‘Outstanding Mobile Contribution to the UN SDGs in Asia’|At Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018, Global System for Mobile Communications Association (GSMA) announced Huawei's PoleStar solution as the winner of the Outstanding Mobile Contribution to the UN SDGs in Asia award. PoleStar features a series of innovations in wireless devices, transmission, and energy and highlights the outstanding capabilities of integrating base stations with social public resources.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|China Mobile, SAIC, and Huawei Demonstrate Intelligent & Connected Vehicles Based on 5G Era LTE|During Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2018, China Mobile, SAIC, and Huawei jointly demonstrated the application of intelligent|connected vehicles using the low-latency network enabled by 5G Era LTE and the cellular vehicle-to-everything (C-V2X) technology.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|Huawei Rotating Chairman Eric Xu: Bringing MBB to a New Level with 5G|Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018 opened at the Shanghai New International Expo Center today.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2018|Huawei Appears at the Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2018 with the Theme of ROADS to a Better Future|Today marks the opening day of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2018, where Huawei is appearing full force with a host of exhibitions, demonstrations, keynotes, and executive meetings, and holding a wide range of discussions with operators, partners, and KOLs.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Innovation and Digital Transformation for All Vertical Businesses|Huawei takes part in ConnecTechAsia 2018, the regions significant Information and Communications Technology (ICT) showcase with a series of cutting edge innovations and valuable business practices for customers and partners in Asia.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Launches the FDD LTE SPACE Solution for All Business Connected Network|During the Huawei User Group Meeting 2018, Huawei released the FDD LTE SPACE solution with over 20 carriers from all over the world.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Establishes Industry's First Open Lab for Low Latency Technology Development|Before the World Mobile Congress Shanghai 2018, Huawei announced the establishment of the industry's first open lab for low latency technology development at its Shanghai Research Center.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Next-Gen High-End All-Flash Storage OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 Certified for SAP® HANA®|Huawei's next-gen high-end all-flash storage OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 is now certified for the SAP HANA business data platform.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Completes Industry's First Live Demo of a 600G Single-Wavelength Ultra-High-Speed Optical Transmission System|Today, Huawei announced the completion of the industry's first live demo of a 600G single-wavelength ultra-high-speed optical transmission system at the Optical Network Innovation Forum 2018.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Releases its Optical Service Fault Prediction Solution to Build Highly Reliable Optical Networks with AI|Today, Huawei announced the launch of its optical service fault prediction solution based on artificial intelligence (AI) and Big Data technologies.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2018|Huawei Upgrades its SmartWi-Fi Solution for Premium 4K Video Experience|Today, Huawei announced that it has upgraded its SmartWi-Fi solution for 4K videos to help operators provide multi-channel 4K videos over Wi-Fi in environments with strong interference, greatly improving the 4K video experience of home users.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|Huawei’s CloudOptiX Technological Innovation to Usher in a New Era of All-optical Network|At the Huawei Optical Innovation Forum, Huawei proposed the transformation of optical networks towards experience-centric architecture.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|China Unicom Shandong and Huawei Jointly Launch China's First Low-Latency Trial Project in Jinan|China Unicom Shandong and Huawei launched China's first low-latency trial project for mobile games in Jinan, with the latest LTE low-latency solution put into use.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|Turkcell and Huawei Jointly Experienced SingleRAN Pro-based TM9 Commercial Networks to Embark on the Road to 5G|Running up to the World Mobile Congress Shanghai 2018, Turkcell successfully tested TM9 commercial networks in its TechCity.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|10th Huawei User Group Meeting Held in Xi’an to Help Shape the Future with Global Operators|At the 10th Huawei User Group Meeting (HUGM) more than 400 guests from global operators converged in Xi'an, with Ryan Ding, Huawei's Executive Director of the Board and President of Carrier Business Group, making the opening speech.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|Huawei Launches LTE eRAN13.1 to Enable All Business Connected LTE Networks|At the Huawei User Group Meeting 2018, the company announced the official release of its LTE eRAN13.1 solution. Based on the SingleRAN Pro platform, LTE eRAN13.1 enables operators to develop a multitude of services on a single network.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|Fastweb and Huawei Build the 200Gbps Optical Network Ready for Intent-Driven Network Evolution|Fastweb and Huawei have completed the first Flexible Optical Network deployment: over 2,300 km between Milan and the South of Sicily, providing 200 Gbps capabilities with full resiliency and services continuity through Automatically Switched Optical Network (ASON) technology.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2018|Huawei and Norway's Broadnet Sign SD-WAN Commercial Deployment Framework Contract|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei and Norway's Broadnet signed an SD-WAN commercial deployment framework contract and officially launched SD-WAN services.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2018|DigiX 2018 Huawei Consumer Business Group · Global Partners and Developers Conference Opens|DigiX 2018 Huawei Consumer Business Group|Global Partners and Developers Conference (Huawei DigiX Conference) officially commenced at the Huawei Beijing Research Center.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2018|China Mobile Shaanxi and Huawei Jointly Implement World's First Large-Scale Cloud-based BNG Deployment
NEWS | JUN 22, 2018|Huawei Launches World's First Converged ICT Cloud Solution FusionCloud 6.3 to Help Carriers Build a Digital Future|Huawei launched the world's first converged ICT cloud solution FusionCloud 6.3 during the Huawei Carrier IT Tech Forum, aiming to help carriers build a digital future with its “One Cloud" and full-stack cloud services.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2018|Huawei Hosts the Academic Salon on Future Innovation|Huawei today hosted its second Academic Salon in central London. Top policymakers, academics and industry leaders gathered to discuss how UK universities should prepare for future innovation.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2018|China Telecom, China's State Grid, and Huawei Win First Prize in the "Blooming Cup" 5G Application Collection Competition|China Telecom, China’s State Grid and Huawei have been awarded first prize in the Blooming Cup 5G Application Collection Competition at the 2018 IMT-2020 (5G) Summit in Shenzhen. The Summit showcases China's latest 5G research and achievements.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2018|Huawei's SuperVector Solution Selected by OTE Group for the Economic and Efficient Upgrade of Fixed Broadband Networks in Greece|Huawei will partner with OTE Group to upgrade Fixed Broadband networks in Greece using Huawei’s SuperVector solution, to deliver up to 200 Mbit/s broadband services in the Mediterranean nation.
NEWS | JUN 20, 2018|Great Industry Leap - Intel and Huawei Jointly Complete a TM9 Field Test Based on Commercial UEs|Intel and Huawei jointly tested TM9-capable commercial UEs on an 8T LTE FDD network at a Huawei test field in Xi'an.
NEWS | JUN 20, 2018|Huawei Leads with Completion of China's Third-Phase NSA 5G R&D Tests|Offering full support for 5G commercial deployment|Today, Huawei announced its completion of the full range of China's third-phase 5G R&D tests based on 3GPP's non-standalone (NSA) 5G specifications ahead of others. This procedure is organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. Huawei achieved over 10 Gbps cell downlink throughput for C-Band using its 5G end-to-end (E2E) commercial system. Such results suggested that 5G Enhanced Mobile Broadband services (eMBB) are now ready for commercial use. Uplink-downlink decoupling verification is mandatory for the standalone (SA) part of the third-phase 5G R&D tests. This technology will be verified in many more scenarios by the end of 2018.
NEWS | JUN 19, 2018|Huawei High-Density Router NE40E-M1A Awarded Interop Tokyo Special Prize|At Interop Tokyo 2018, Japan's largest ICT exhibition this year, Huawei NE40E-M1A won the Best of Show Award 2018 Special Prize in recognition of its series of innovative advantages, such as occupying just 1 U of space while boasting 2 Tbit/s of forwarding capacity, flexible and diverse port modes, programmability, scalability, and an energy-saving design.
NEWS | JUN 18, 2018|Huawei Unveils eLTE-DSA Solution to Help the Oil & Gas Industry Build Energy IoT|Today, at the 15th Moscow International Oil and Gas Exhibition (MIOGE), Huawei showcased its 4.5G-based, 5G-oriented eLTE-DSA Solution which leverages wireless narrowband Discrete Spectrum Aggregation (DSA) technology to help the Oil and Gas industry build an energy Internet of Things (IoT).
NEWS | JUN 16, 2018|Huawei Video Conferencing Recognized as a Leader by Frost & Sullivan|Huawei is named one of the leaders by the world-renowned consulting firm Frost & Sullivan in its recently released Global Video Conferencing Market Research Report. Huawei wins this for its field-proven audio and video technologies and outstanding market performance.
NEWS | JUN 16, 2018|China's Third-Phase 5G R&D Test: Huawei Continues to Promote 3GPP R16 Standards|Huawei announced today that it has achieved milestones in the verification and evaluation of R16 standards based on the guidance from the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. This is a momentous step for China's third-phase 5G technology research and development (R&D) test.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei and Ecosystem Partners Launch Huawei ICT Competition 2018-2019|Huawei, along with the representative of Huawei ICT Academy Advisory Board, officially launched Huawei ICT Competition 2018-2019 at the CEBIT 2018 in Hannover, Germany.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|IDC MarketScape: OceanConnect Places Huawei in Leader Segment|A recent report by international IT and data analysis consultancy IDC, titled IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms (Device and Network Connectivity Providers) 2018 Vendor Assessment, ranks Huawei OceanConnect as a leader in the IoT market segment.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei Wins 5 Best of Show Awards at Interop Tokyo 2018|Recently, Huawei won 5 Best of Show Awards including the Grand Prize in the cloud computing category for AI Fabric Ultra-High-Speed Ethernet at Interop Tokyo 2018, Japans largest ICT exhibition.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei Releases 5G-Oriented eLTE-DSA Solution|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei released its 4.5G-based, 5G-oriented eLTE Discrete Spectrum Aggregation (eLTE-DSA) solution.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei Releases the Intent–Driven IP WAN Solution to Maximize the Business Value of WANs|Huawei released the Intent-Driven IP WAN solution at the 2018 international consumer electronics information and communications expo (CEBIT 2018) held in Hannover, Germany.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei Unveils Next-Generation Enterprise Backbone Flagship WDM Product OSN 9800 M24|During the world's largest international consumer electronics and communications expo CEBIT 2018, held in Hannover, Huawei unveiled the next-generation enterprise backbone flagship WDM product, the OSN 9800 M24.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Entel and Huawei, Jointly Complete the Commercial Deployment of Environment-friendly TubeStar|Entel, a major Bolivian telecom company, and Huawei jointly completed commercial deployment of environment-friendly macro base station TubeStar.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei Launches Industry Cloud Enablement Services at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei launched its Industry Cloud Enablement Services, to help businesses overcome the complications and challenges they face when moving to the cloud.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2018|Huawei's AI Fabric Ultra-High-Speed Ethernet Takes Home Interop Tokyo Best of Show Award|At Interop Tokyo 2018, Huawei's AI Fabric Ultra-High-Speed Ethernet won the Best of Show Award on the back of its networking performance with zero packet loss, low latency, and high throughput, as well as its leading role in network communication evolution in the AI era.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei Releases Smart DC 3.0 @AI at CEBIT to Bring AI into Data Centers|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei released its Smart DC 3.0 @AI solution which empowers Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies for smarter data centers.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei Exhibits Technological Innovations for Distributed Cloud Storage at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei exhibits technological innovations for distributed cloud storage, which will enable more enterprises to benefit from cloudification, and accelerate digital transformation for all people everywhere.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei Smart City OS Debuts at CEBIT 2018：More Converged and Collaborative|Today at CEBIT 2018, Huawei showcased Smart City Digital Platform by following the concept of 'Platform + Ecosystem'.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei and Arrow Electronics collaborate on Premium Support Services|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei and Arrow Electronics today announced the launch of Arrow Premium Support Services in the EMEA region, based on the Huawei Co-Care Support Service.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei Teams up with SAMPOL DIGITAL Spain in Building All-Optical Smart Hotels|Huawei and SAMPOL DIGITAL Spain, a leading international integrated delivery provider, jointly launched the smart hotel solution based on the Agile POL (passive optical LAN) at CEBIT 2018 in Hannover, Germany.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Telefónica, Huawei and UPM Perform a Groundbreaking Field Trial Applying Quantum Cryptography on Commercial Optical Networks to Provide Secure Communication Services|Telefnica, Huawei, and UPM (Universidad Politcnica de Madrid) have performed a groundbreaking field trial, the first one worldwide, demonstrating the application of quantum cryptography on commercial optical networks, and their operational integration by means of Software Defined Networking (SDN) technologies.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Intel and Huawei First Completed 3GPP R15 Protocol Based IODT in China’s Third-Phase 5G R&D Test|Today, Intel and Huawei announced that they have completed the first full-stack 5G interoperability and development testing (IODT) based on the 3GPP Release 15 5G NR (New Radio) released on March 2018 in China’s 5G R&D test.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2018|Huawei Releases a Product Recognition AI-Enabled New Retail Solution with Malong|At CEBIT, Huawei signed a cooperation agreement with Malong Technologies. Based on Huaweis global leading new ICT infrastructure solution, combined with Malongs ProductAI visual product recognition platform, Huawei and Malong jointly launched a product recognition AI-enabled new retail solution.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Showcases Industry-Leading Cloud Connect with Cross-Border Compliance at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei showcased its global intelligent cloud connection service, Cloud Connect, which features minute-level service provisioning, intelligent management, flexible tariff, and stable performance.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei and InfoVista Jointly Announce Establishment of Open Cooperation in SD-WAN|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei and InfoVista jointly announced the establishment of their open cooperation in the field of SD-WAN.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Releases KunLun V5 Mission Critical Server at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei announced the KunLun V5, a next-generation x86 mission critical server, with its global partner SUSE.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Launches FusionInsight LibrA, Its Next-Generation Distributed Converged Data Warehouse|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei launched its next-generation enterprise-class distributed converged data warehouse solution, FusionInsight LibrA, which can help customers build unified, scalable, and high-performance data analysis platforms.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|Huawei releases the "5G Applications Position Paper" during the ITU Telecom World 2019|During the ITU Telecom World 2019 , Yang Chaobin, President of Huawei 5G product line, releases the "5G Applications Position Paper" at "5G+Gigabit: Connecting an Intelligent Future " Forum.
NEWS | SEP 10, 2019|Huawei drops lawsuit against US government after equipment detained for two years was returned|Huawei's US subsidiary, Huawei Technologies USA Inc. (HT USA), dropped a lawsuit on Sept. 9 against the US Commerce Department and several other US government agencies that it has filed back in June.
NEWS | SEP 09, 2019|Sany Heavy Industry, China Telecom, and Huawei Jointly Won the Smart Industry First Prize at “Zhan Fang Cup” 5G Application Contest|The joint application by Sany Heavy Industry, China Telecom, and Huawei for the Intelligent, 5G MEC-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) won the first prize of the Smart Industry category at the second Zhan Fang cup 5G application contest.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2019|Innovative 5G Applications Reveal New Experiences at Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day|The fifth Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day was held in Chengdu yesterday.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2019|Huawei's Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network Solution Is First to Meet New Industry Standards|At the Open Data Center Summit 2019, Huawei AI Fabric Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network was the first to pass the Data Center Lossless Network Test Report issued by China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT).
NEWS | SEP 04, 2019|5G Hospital Network Standard Takes Shape|Under the direction of the National Health Commission (NHC) of China and led by China-Japan Friendship Hospital-National Telemedicine and Connected Health Center-National Primary-care Telemedicine Development Center
NEWS | SEP 03, 2019|Sichuan Mobile and Huawei Team Up to Transform Chengdu into 5G City|Sichuan Mobile and Huawei today launched a multi-dimensional 5G network in Chengdu, aimed at transforming the city into one of the worlds foremost hi-tech cities.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2019|Shenzhen Power Supply Joins Huawei in Showcasing ICT Innovations|At today's Digital Power Grid Technology Innovation and Application Summit, Shenzhen Power Supply Bureau and Huawei announced their achievements in collaboration.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2019|Asia-Pacific leads 5G innovation, Huawei enables sustainable development of a digital economy|Today, the 5th Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day was held in Chengdu, China.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2019|Prime Minister of the Republic of Uzbekistan has visited Huawei R&D center in Shenzhen|As part of his visit to China, the Prime Minister of the Republic of Uzbekistan, Abdulla Aripov, visited Huawei's Shenzhen Digital Transformation Exhibition Hall on Thursday.
NEWS | AUG 28, 2019|Huawei Cloud Opens Chile Region Service|At the HUAWEI CLOUD Chile Summit 2019, HUAWEI CLOUD announced that its Chile region is open for business, providing a full-stack cloud platform and a wide range of Artificial Intelligence (AI) services for Latin America.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2019|Huawei launches Ascend 910, the world's most powerful AI processor, and MindSpore, an all-scenario AI computing framework|Huawei officially launched the world's most powerful AI processor|the Ascend 910|as well as an all-scenario AI computing framework, MindSpore.
NEWS | AUG 22, 2019|China Telecom Shanghai and Huawei Debut World's First 5G Super Uplink Network|China Telecom Shanghai and Huawei have joined forces to launch the world's first 5G networks, with performance verification successfully completed at Tongji University.
NEWS | AUG 12, 2019|Huawei Developer Conference 2019: Huawei Mobile Services breaks through 100 Million active users outside of China and announces developer projects that will support the further growth of Huawei’s partnership-ecosystem|From August 9th to 11th, Huawei held its Huawei Developer Conference 2019 in Dongguan, China.
NEWS | AUG 08, 2019|Huawei Predicts 10 Megatrends for 2025|Huawei launched its Global Industry Vision (GIV) report today, continuing its predictions for technology and industry development up to 2025.
NEWS | AUG 08, 2019|Huawei and ABI Release 5G Digital Airport White Paper|Huawei and ABI jointly released the Digital Future of Airports white paper, elaborating on the roles of 5G and mobile broadband (MBB) in supporting digital airports.
NEWS | AUG 01, 2019|Huawei Joins Paris Call for Trust, Security in Cyberspace|Huawei Technologies today joined the Paris Call, a declaration aimed at spurring collective action toward securing cyberspace.
NEWS | JUL 30, 2019|Haier, China Mobile and Huawei Launch the World's First AI+5G Interconnected Factory|Haier, China Mobile, and Huawei jointly launched the world's first AI+5G interconnected factory at the 2019 World Industrial Internet Conference (WIIC) in Qingdao.
NEWS | JUL 30, 2019|Huawei Announces H1 2019 Revenue: 23.2% YoY Growth|Huawei announced its business results for the first half of 2019: CNY401.3 billion in revenue, a 23.2% increase over the same period last year. The company's net profit margin for H1 2019 was 8.7%.
NEWS | JUL 23, 2019|Win Together in the New Computing Era with Kunpeng|The Kunpeng Computing Industry Summit was held in Beijing today.
NEWS | JUL 18, 2019|Huawei Earns Highly Coveted “Recommended” Rating in NSS Labs 2019 NGFW Group Test|Huawei announced today that it has earned NSS Labs' highly coveted "Recommended" rating in the latest Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) group test.
NEWS | JUL 16, 2019|Privacy Protection Safeguards Digital Innovation: Huawei Shares Its Privacy Protection Governance Framework and Practices|The IAPP Asia Privacy Forum 2019 was hosted by International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) in Singapore on July 15-16, 2019.
NEWS | JUL 12, 2019|Huawei's 2018 Sustainability Report|Huawei today released its 2018 Sustainability Report. It has published this report for the 11th year in a row.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2019|Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia Visits Huawei's Beijing Research Center|Today, Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister The Right Honorable Dato Seri Dr Wan Azizah Dr Wan Ismail visited Huawei's Beijing Research Center and met with Liang Hua, Chairman of Huawei.
NEWS | JUL 08, 2019|Huawei Collaborates with Fudan University to Develop China's First Medical AI Course|Huawei and the School of Basic Medical Sciences at Fudan University have recently begun to jointly offer a course in "Medical Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning", attracting more than 120 undergraduate and graduate students from Fudan University's medical school and affiliated hospitals.
NEWS | JUL 03, 2019|Huawei, China Mobile, GSMA, 5MII, 5GSA and Partners Release 5G Network Slicing Business Opportunities for Multimedia White Paper and 5G Multimedia Industry Promotion Initiative|Huawei, China Mobile Research Institute, Migu Co. Ltd., GSMA, 5MII, 5GSA and IHS Markit has jointly released the 5G Network Slicing Business Opportunities for Multimedia White Paper at the 5G Service Innovation and Network Slicing Summit|2019 Annual Conference of Information Communication Network Technology Committee of China Communication Society.
NEWS | JUL 02, 2019|China Mobile and Huawei Join Hands with Industry Partners to Release the "User Experience Driven 5G Slice SLA Assurance" White Paper|China Mobile and Huawei released the User Experience Driven 5G Slice SLA Assurance White Paper at the 5G Service Innovation and Network Slicing Summit|2019 Annual Conference of the Information Communication Network Technology Committee of China Institute of Communications.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2019|Huawei Delivers 5G Experience for Visitors to MWC19 Shanghai|During GSMAs MWC19 Shanghai, 5G commercial networks have been officially launched inside the Shanghai New International Expo Center.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2019|MIT Technology Review Names Huawei in its Annual List of the World’s 50 Smartest Companies|Huawei was named one of the worlds 50 Smartest Companies in the MIT Technology Reviews annual list.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2019|Huawei Launches the All-New CloudEngine S-Series Campus Switches and Solutions|Huawei announced a major leap in campus networking by unveiling 16 new models of CloudEngine S-series access, aggregation, and core switches.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2019|World's First iFIT Pilot on the 5G Transport Network Successfully Completed by Beijing Unicom and Huawei|At MWC Shanghai 2019, the world's first In-situ Flow Information Telemetry (iFIT) pilot on the 5G transport network has been successfully completed by Beijing Unicom (China Unicom's Beijing Branch) and Huawei.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|Large-scale NB-IoT Electric Bike Management in Zhengzhou Wins the GSMA Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities in Asia Award|The NB-IoT electric bike management system jointly developed by Zhengzhou Public Security Bureau, China Mobile, Huawei and Tendency have won the GSMA Award for Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities in Asia at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2019.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|China Telecom and Huawei Jointly Release 5G Super Uplink Innovation Solution, Redefining 5G Networks Based on Industry Requirements|During MWC19 Shanghai, China Telecom and Huawei jointly release the 5G Super Uplink Joint Technology Innovation solution.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|China Mobile Zhejiang, China Mobile Research Institute, and Huawei Jointly Release World-leading Intent-driven 5G Transport Network|At MWC Shanghai 2019, China Mobile Zhejiang and China Mobile Research Institute announced the intent-driven 5G transport network constructed with Huawei has been put into commercial use.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|Huawei and Spain’s Royal Theater Work Together to Reaffirm Commitment to Development of Spanish Culture|Huawei and Spains Royal Theater (Teatro Real) have signed a sponsorship agreement to support the development of Spanish culture.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|Huawei releases white paper on intellectual property|Huawei today released a white paper on innovation and intellectual property (IP), and warned against the issue being politicized.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2019|Whole Industry Chain Working Together to Promote Gigabit Ecosystem in the Fifth Generation Fixed Network Era|At the Gigabit Forum held in Shanghai during Mobile World Congress 2019, China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), Broadband Development Alliance, Shanghai Municipal Commission of Economy and Informatization, Ovum, China UHD Video Industry Alliance, China Telecom, China Unicom, and Huawei have reached consensus on the development and evolution history of fixed networks.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2019|Huawei and More Than 30 Industry Partners Establish an Industry Alliance and an Industry Innovation Base for 5G Deterministic Networking|At MWC 19 Shanghai, 5G Deterministic Networking Summit was successfully held.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2019|Service innovation: Accelerating 5G development|At MWC Shanghai 2019, Huawei Deputy Chairman Ken Hu gave an update on Huawei's progress in 5G deployment, sharing concrete examples of how service innovation and cross-industry collaboration are driving the next phase of growth in 5G.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2019|MWC Shanghai 2019: Huawei Empowers Global Operators to Lead in the 5G Era|Huawei's theme at MWC 19 Shanghai is "Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World".
NEWS | JUN 25, 2019|Huawei's Yang Chaobin: 5G is ON, Keep Innovating to Realize Large-Scale 5G Commercialization|During this year's MWC Shanghai, Huawei held the 5G is ON summit with the theme of 5G deployment drives China's digital upgrade.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2019|Ryan Ding from Huawei: Industries + 5G, Enabling New Growth|During MWC Shanghai 2019, Huawei held the 5G is ON Summit based on the theme of "5G-driven Digital Upgrades".
NEWS | JUN 25, 2019|China Unicom and Huawei: A 5G Trip to Space|China Unicom and Huawei are jointly showcasing an immersive 5G space travel experience. During MWC Shanghai 2019, guests could use VR technology and 5G to explore Mars in immersive 3D.
NEWS | JUN 25, 2019|Exploring 5G Cloud Games - Huawei and NetEase Joint Innovation Lab|Before the start of MWC Shanghai 2019, Huawei X Labs and Thunder Fire, NetEase agreed a cooperation memorandum of understanding (MOU) on establishing a 5G cloud game joint innovation lab.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2019|Huawei: Work Together to Bring the Best 5G into Reality|Today, the 11th Huawei User Group Meeting was held in Wuzhen, Zhejiang with more than 500 guests from telecom industry.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2019|Industry's First Commercial Feasibility Report on 5G Network Slicing for Smart Grid|Recently, China Telecom, State Grid, Huawei, and IHS Markit jointly released the 5G Network Slicing Enabling Smart Grid: Commercial Feasibility Analysis report.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2019|Pakistan CMPak and Huawei Complete Joint Innovation and Commercial Deployment of the Longest Distance Microwave MIMO link|Pakistan CMPak and Huawei has recently completed a joint innovation. Based on the latest microwave technology of 5G, CMPak successfully achieved the industry's longest distance microwave MIMO link innovation test which reached 11km with 5Gbps capacity, this is the first commercial use of 5G microwave MIMO solution for large-scale commercial use in Pakistan.
NEWS | JUN 17, 2019|A Coffee With Ren
NEWS | JUN 13, 2019|Huawei Wins "Best 5G Core Network Technology" Award at 5G World Summit|Huawei's 5G intelligent and simplified core network solution has won the "Best 5G Core Network Technology" Award at the 5G World Summit 2019 in London.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2019|First POL Engineering Technical Standard Officially Released in China|The China Engineering and Consulting Association (CEDA) recently released China's first passive optical LAN (POL) Engineering Technical Standard, aiming to standardize and promote POL deployment in smart buildings and campuses.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2019|Huawei and TIME Malaysia Sign MOU for 10G PON Ultra-Broadband Access Network Pilot|Huawei and TIME dotCom (TIME) jointly signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) on the construction of a pilot 10 Gigabit Passive Optical Network (10G PON), aiming to provide gigabit ultra-broadband for fixed access users in Malaysia.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2019|Huawei Debuts LTE-R, Urban Rail Light Cloud and 5G DIS Solutions at UITP Global Public Transport Summit 2019|At the UITP Global Public Transport Summit 2019, Huawei officially released its Urban Rail Light Cloud, next-generation LTE-R, and 5G Digital Indoor System (DIS) solutions.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2019|Huawei and Ecosystem Partner Jointly Release LTE-R Solution for Next-Generation Rail Wireless Communications|Today at the UITP Global Public Transport Summit 2019 in Stockholm, Huawei and its partner Tianjin 712 Communication|Broadcasting Co., Ltd. (TCB 712) jointly released the LTE-Railway (LTE-R) Solution for next-generation rail wireless communications.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2019|Openness, Collaboration and Development: Building a Secure Digital Society|The GSMA Mobile 360 Series was held today in the Hague under the theme "Security for 5G", bringing together representatives from global carriers, equipment vendors, governments, and industry regulators.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2019|Putting IoT to Life: Huawei Shares Privacy Challenges and Practical Experiences|The GSMA Mobile 360 Series was held today in the Hague under the theme "Security for 5G", bringing together cyber security and privacy protection experts and leaders around the globe.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2019|Huawei calls on U.S. to adjust its approach to tackle cybersecurity effectively|Huawei today filed a motion for summary judgment as part of the process to challenge the constitutionality of Section 889 of the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act (2019 NDAA).
NEWS | MAY 26, 2019|Huawei ICT Competition 2018-2019 Global Final Successfully Concluded|Today, the Huawei ICT Competition 2018-2019 Global Final, under the theme of "Connection, Glory, Future", has successfully concluded at Huawei's Songshan Lake campus.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2019|No More Walls|In recent days, restrictions, based on ungrounded allegations, have been imposed on Huawei in order to disrupt our business operations.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2019|Huawei Proposes 5G Deterministic Networking to Enable Differentiated and Deterministic Services for Thousands of Industries|Mr. Jason (Jisheng) Dai, President of Strategy|Business Development Department of Huawei Cloud Core Network, delivered a keynote speech at the 3rd Future Network Development Conference in Nanjing.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2019|Huawei Wins Best All Rounder Award at the 21st Next Generation Optical Networking Event|At the 21st Next Generation Optical Networking (NGON) Event, Huawei's Optical Networking 2.0 (ON2.0) solution won the Best All Rounder Award.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2019|PTT and Huawei Sign MoU to Collaborate on Innovative Technology|Mr. Wittawat Svasti-Xuto (center left), Chief Technology and Engineering Officer, PTT Public Co., Ltd., and Mr. David Sun (center right), Vice President, Enterprise Business Group, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., jointly finalized a Memorandum of Understanding to establish the PTT-Huawei Innovation Campus at the Eastern Economic Corridor for Innovation (EECi) in Thailand.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2019|Huawei’s ON2.0 Leads the Commercial Use of All-Optical Networks in Partnership with Operators Worldwide|Richard Jin, President of Huaweis Transmission and Access Product Line, shared updates on the commercial use of Huaweis ON2.0 solution with more than 200 customers worldwide during Huawei's Sixth Optical Network Innovation Forum.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2019|HUAWEI Provides Open Platform to Help Developers Achieve Business Success|At Viva Technology 2019, Huawei Mobile Services held the first Developer Day in Europe, celebrating the existing and new partnerships by showcasing the common vision of the future, and the unstoppable growth of our jointly built consumer services.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2019|China Media Group, China Mobile, and Huawei Jointly Completed the Industry's First Verification of UHD Live Streaming Through 5G SA Network Slices|The China Media Group, China Mobile, and Huawei successfully completed the first UHD live streaming verification through a real end-to-end 5G network slice.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2019|Huawei to Invest 35 million Euros in Paris OpenLab|Huawei said it will invest 35 million Euros in its Paris OpenLab over five years.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2019|The World's First Launch of 5G+Five-Star Shopping Mall|On the eve of World Telecommunication and Information Society Day (May 17), China Real Estate Association, China Mobile (Shanghai), and Huawei jointly launch the world's first 5G+five-star shopping mall, Shanghai Lujiazui L+ Mall, using the 5G digital indoor system (DIS).
NEWS | MAY 16, 2019|"Digital Platform" Enables Smart Civil Aviation Construction|The 2019 China Civil Aviation Development Forum was held in Beijing on May 16.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2019|CAAC and Huawei Sign a Strategic Cooperation Agreement|On May 15, the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Huawei in Beijing.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2019|Huawei Launches AI-Native Database|Following the announcement of its AI strategy and full-stack, all-scenario AI solutions in 2018, Huawei launched the AI-Native database GaussDB and the highest-performance distributed storage FusionStorage 8.0 today in Beijing.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2019|UK partners celebrate 18 years of success of working with Huawei|More than 200 delegates today attended Huaweis UK Partner Summit in London.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2019|Huawei Places the World's First 5G VoNR Video Call|Huawei recently completed the world's first voice over NR (VoNR) call. The voice and video call service was made using two Huawei Mate 20X 5G phones on a 5G standalone (SA) network.
NEWS | MAY 09, 2019|Huawei and AsiaInfo Jointly Conduct Integration Testing on a Containerized CRM System, Paving the Way for Digitization of Core Business Systems for Carriers|Huawei and AsiaInfo have jointly conducted integration testing between HUAWEI CLOUD Stack (HCS), Huaweis hybrid cloud solution, and AsiaInfos Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system.
NEWS | MAY 09, 2019|All-Optical Networks Will Drive Innovation in Ultra-HD Video Services|At the 2019 World Conference on Ultra HD Video (4K/8K) Industry, Huawei released its all-optical network architecture for ultra-high definition (UHD) video services.
NEWS | MAY 09, 2019|CCTV, China Mobile and Huawei Jointly Complete First 4K Live Streaming on 5G Dual-Band Convergent Network|CCTV, China Mobile, and Huawei successfully completed the industry's first 4K live streaming test on a 5G dual-band convergent network in Beijing.
NEWS | MAY 09, 2019|Huawei Hosted the First Flash Forum in China, Announcing Framework of Application-Aware Storage|Huawei held the first Huawei Flash Technology Forum in Beijing.
NEWS | MAY 08, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Jointly Announce First 5G Smartphone in Switzerland|Sunrise and Huawei jointly announced 5G Smartphone in Switzerland. Sunrise shops are the only place customers can see and test the Huawei Mate 20 X (5G) and starting with the shop at the Ambassador House which is covered with Huawei 5G indoor solution.
NEWS | MAY 08, 2019|Orange Performs the First AI (Artificial Intelligence) Test with Huawei on Its DWDM Network in Spain following a real test with 400Gbps|Orange Spain and Huawei announced recently that the pilot deployment of a 400G/wavelength WDM link in Orange network was completed successfully.
NEWS | APR 29, 2019|China Telecom and Huawei Make 5G Shine at Beijing Expo 2019|China Telecom and Huawei are working together to provide an end-to-end 5G network for Beijing Expo 2019, a world horticultural exposition presented by the Bureau International des Expositions and held in Beijings Yanqing District. The expo opens on April 29 and runs through October 7, 2019.
NEWS | APR 28, 2019|The Prime Minister of Pakistan Meets with the Founder of Huawei in Beijing|The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Imran Khan, has met with Ren Zhengfei, founder of Huawei, in Beijing today. The two sides discussed the development of ICT technologies and how to enhance mutual cooperation in the future.
NEWS | APR 28, 2019|Chilean President Sebastián Piñera meeting with Huawei Chairman Liang Hua|Today, the Chairman of Huawei's Board of Directors, Mr. Liang Hua, met with the President of the Republic of Chile, Mr. Sebastin Piera, in Shenzhen.
NEWS | APR 27, 2019|Czech President Welcomes Huawei's Participation in 5G Deployment|President of the Czech Republic Milo Zeman met with Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei in Beijing on April 27.
NEWS | APR 26, 2019|Huawei Launches Site Cloud for the First Time in Russia and Signs MoU with Tower Companies|During its first Global 5G Ultra-Lean Site Forum event at the Russia Mobile Network Infrastructure Ecosystem Forum 2019, Huawei launched its Site Cloud platform in the Russian market.
NEWS | APR 26, 2019|Dutch Telecom Provider KPN Partners with Huawei on Mobile Radio Network Modernization for 5G|Leading Dutch telecom provider KPN has signed a preliminary agreement with Huawei to start preparations for the construction of KPNs new Mobile Radio Access Network in the Netherlands, as part of KPNs mobile network modernization for 5G.
NEWS | APR 26, 2019|Huawei and Chinasoft International Release the Financial Big Data Smart Application Solution|During Huawei's Global FSI Summit held in Shanghai, Huawei and Chinasoft International released the Financial Big Data Smart Application Solution.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|Prime Minister of Malaysia Visits Huawei|Today, Malaysian Prime Minister Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad visited Huawei's Beijing Research Center and met with Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|Huawei and Partners Unveil AI Financial Solutions|At Huawei Global FSI Summit 2019, Huawei launched AI financial solutions to construct a super-brain for smart finance, with the aim to support comprehensive smart services and help financial institutions achieve digital transformation.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|President of Uzbekistan visits Huawei Executive Briefing Center in Beijing|As part of his visit to China, the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, Shavkat Mirziyoyev, visited Huawei's Beijing Executive Briefing Center (EBC) on Thursday, at the invitation of Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|HUAWEI CLOUD Signs MoU with Multiple Companies at the Singapore Summit|HUAWEI CLOUD Summit Singapore themed "+AI, Grow with Intelligence" was held on April 24-25.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|Huawei Launches Cloud & AI Innovation Lab in Singapore|HUAWEI CLOUD SUMMIT 2019 was held today in Singapore，HUAWEI announced the launch of Cloud|AI Innovation Lab in Singapore at the summit.
NEWS | APR 25, 2019|Huawei and Forms Syntron Release Distributed Open Banking Service Solution for Banks|During Huawei's Global FSI Summit 2019, Huawei and Forms Syntron, a leading Chinese bank solution provider, jointly released the distributed open platform solution Fincube for the financial industry.
NEWS | APR 24, 2019|Huawei Enables Smart Finance with "AI+DATA"|The Huawei Global FSI Summit 2019 held in Shanghai today, under the theme Holistic Digital Transformation, Taking the Pulse of Smart Finance".
NEWS | APR 23, 2019|HUAWEI CLOUD Expands its Partner Network with Infosys|HUAWEI CLOUD and Infosys today signed a memorandum on strategic cooperation to help enterprise customers transition quickly to the digital cloud.
NEWS | APR 22, 2019|Huawei executives met with Egyptian prime minister to promote digital ecosystem development in Egypt|Egyptian Prime Minister Mostafa Madbouly met with Li Jie, Chairman of Huaweis Supervisory Board, at the Prime Minister's Office.
NEWS | APR 22, 2019|Huawei Announces Q1 2019 Business Results|Huawei today announced its business results for the first quarter of 2019. In Q1 of this year, Huawei generated CNY179.7 billion in revenue, an increase of 39% year-on-year.
NEWS | APR 19, 2019|Huawei Unveils AirEngine as New Wi-Fi Brand and Announces Global Mass-Market Deployment of Its Wi-Fi 6 Products|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2019, Huawei and Wi-Fi Alliance (WFA) held a media roundtable meeting with the theme of Wi-Fi 6, Unlocking Business Value.
NEWS | APR 19, 2019|Huawei’s 10G PON Solution Helps China Mobile(Shanghai) Build the First Dual-Gigabit City|China Mobile(Shanghai) recently announced the adoption of Huawei's 10G PON E2E solution to promote the construction of demo gigabit broadband communities.
NEWS | APR 18, 2019|Huawei Announces Its New "Four-Engines" Brand Strategy, Leading Intelligent IP Networks|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2019, Huawei announced its new brand strategy for IP networking and unveiled four new engine series products for the IP network in the intelligence era.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|Huawei Recognized as an April 2019 Gartner Peer Insights Customers’ Choice for Data Center Networking|Huawei, a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices, announced that Huawei has been named an April 2019 Gartner Peer Insights Customers Choice for Data Center Networking for Huawei CloudEngine Switches.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|Huawei Ranked First Globally for All-Flash Market Growth Rate in 2018|At the 16th Huawei Global Analyst Summit, Huawei held its IT Infrastructure Track today.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|Huawei Does Not Make Cars. Focusing on ICT, Huawei Aims to Enable Car OEMs to Build Better Vehicles|At the 2019 International Auto Key Tech Forum, Huawei Rotating Chairman Eric Xu delivered a keynote speech: Embrace the Convergence of Automotive|ICT Industries.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|Huawei Wins ‘Market Development Award’ from GTI for its Outstanding Performance in 5G Commercialization|At the GTI Awards Ceremony held in Barcelona, Huawei won the Market Development Award from GTI for its outstanding performance in the 5G commercial market and for its promotion of the end-to-end 5G industry.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|NB-IoT Electric Bikes in Zhengzhou Facilitate Urban Management and Wins the GTI Innovative Mobile Service and Application Award|The NB-IoT electric bike management system jointly developed by China Mobile, Huawei, and Tendency (Zhejiang Tendency Technology Co., Ltd.) has won the GTI Award 2018 for Innovative Mobile Service and Application at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|Dubai Creek Harbour Teams Up with Huawei 10G PON Solution to Build an All-Optical Smart Campus|Dubai Creek Harbour, the 6 square kilometre mega-development described as The World of Tomorrow today announced that it would use Huawei's 10G passive optical network (PON) campus solution for the project.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|Huawei Enterprise Presenting 4 Star Products at MWC19, Barcelona|Huawei announced yesterday that its Enterprise Business Group (Huawei Enterprise) will make its first representation at the worlds largest mobile event, MWC19 Barcelona. Under the theme of Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World, Huawei Enterprise will host a Digital Transformation of Industries Summit, demonstrate four of its star products, and outline its digital platform to accelerate digital transformation.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|Huawei's TaiShan ARM-based Servers Now SUSE YES CERTIFIED|SUSE, a leading open source software company, and Huawei today announced that the Huawei TaiShan ARM-based servers have been SUSE YES CERTIFIED on the SUSE Linux Enterprise platform and the SUSE Linux Enterprise software-defined storage platform.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|HUAWEI CLOUD Unveils in Singapore|HUAWEI CLOUD, the cloud-computing services of Huawei, unveiled a new region in Singapore on February 20, expanding the reach of its full-stack cloud platform and Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities across the Asia Pacific region.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|Huawei Launches a Series of Solutions for Autonomous Driving Mobile Networks|Huawei has released a series of solutions for autonomous driving mobile networks at a pre-MWC 2019 briefing in London, facilitating network construction in the 5G era.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2019|Huawei Releases Industry's First White Paper for CUPS|Huawei released the industry's first CUPS Deployment White Paper before the opening of the 2019 Mobile World Congress (MWC). The white paper points out that using Control and User Plane Separation (CUPS) technology to deploy a one-stop user plane gateway solution can greatly reduce network latency, improve service experience, achieve unified OM, cope with rapid growth of network traffic, and render architecture 5G-ready. CUPS deployment is an inevitable stage in the evolution to 5G target networks.
NEWS | FEB 20, 2019|Huawei Releases the "Simplified 5G" Deployment Strategy|Huawei released the "Simplified 5G" deployment strategy at the pre-MWC 2019 briefing in London. Huawei believes that network simplification, automation, and business simplification will become the development direction of mobile networks in the future. We are in a new historical era. 5G networks and terminals for large-scale commercial use grow mature at the same time.
NEWS | FEB 20, 2019|Malaysia CTS and Huawei Jointly Build an All-Optical Integrated Service Transport Network|Celcom Timur (Sabah) Sdn Bhd (CTS) recently announced a collaboration with Huawei to build a next-generation integrated service transport network. The network will cover more than 40 important service nodes, provide customers with massive-connection, low-latency, and high-reliability transmission through all-optical high-speed interconnection, and promote intelligent network upgrade, to cope with medium- and long-term challenges brought by digitalization and new service development in the cloud era.
NEWS | FEB 20, 2019|Huawei and Heavy Reading Release White Paper for A/B Test|Huawei and Heavy Reading jointly released a white paper on the A/B Test approach before kick-off of the 2019 Mobile World Congress (MWC). With the construction of all-cloud network and the arrival of 5G Era, practices such as agile software development, DevOps, Continuous Integration (CI), and Continuous Delivery/Deployment (CD) are gradually gaining ground in the telecom domain.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2019|Huawei Successfully Demonstrates NCE for 5G Wireless Transport Interoperability at ETSI Plugtests™ Event|The ETSI 1st mWT NCE Plugtests, proposed and strongly supported by Huawei as Chair of the ETSI mWT ISG, is an important first milestone for the microwave transmission industry, successfully demonstrates NCE for 5G wireless transport interoperability in real-world conditions.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2019|Huawei Collaborates with SUSS to Cultivate ICT Talents in Singapore|As part of Huaweis global initiative to nurture new information and communications technology (ICT) talents, the global ICT solutions provider and Singapore University of Social Sciences (SUSS) recently signed an agreement to set up an ICT Academy on the varsity level in Singapore. It will be the second Huawei ICT academy launched in Singapore.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2019|China Mobile (Shanghai) and Huawei Launch First 5G Digital Indoor System in Shanghai’s Hongqiao Railway Station|China Mobile (Shanghai) has launched a 5G network in Shanghais Hongqiao Railway Station, making it the first railway station to have a 5G digital indoor system (DIS). The deployment aims to achieve deep indoor 5G coverage within the whole station by the end of 2019 providing easy access to fast 5G network services for all passengers.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2019|Huawei's Pioneering FDD Massive MIMO Is Reducing Operators' Cost Per Bit with 3–5x Capacity Increases|As of press time, Huawei's FDD massive MIMO solutions had been commercially used and tested by more than 30 operators in China, Thailand, Turkey, Indonesia, Russia, and Pakistan since Huawei and China Unicom jointly completed the world's first FDD massive MIMO field test in Shanghai in January 2017.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2019|Seeds for the Future 2019 kicks off in Bangladesh|Huawei, worlds leading ICT solutions provider, has launched its global flagship CSR program Seeds for the future in Bangladesh with a press conference today at the Westin Dhaka.
NEWS | FEB 15, 2019|Turkcell Joins Hands with Huawei to Build a 5G-oriented All-Cloud Core Network|Recently, Turkey's largest carrier Turkcell announced that it will join hands with Huawei to build a 5G-oriented all-cloud core network.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2019|Huawei Microwave Awarded the Prestigious Aegis Graham Bell Award 2019 in 'Innovative Telecom Solution' category|Aegis Graham Bell Award 2019 announced Huawei as winner for the Innovative Telecom Solution category for the 5G Microwave Solution - a breakthrough in resolving bottleneck of large bandwidth, precise synchronization and lowest latency.
NEWS | FEB 01, 2019|Huawei Marine WACS Upgrade II Successfully Completed|Huawei Marine today announced completion of the West Africa Cable System (WACS) Upgrade II. The project was signed in February 2018 and successfully put into commercial use in October of the same year.
NEWS | JAN 31, 2019|Huawei CloudLink Board Wins Two iF DESIGN AWARDS 2019|Huawei CloudLink Board of Enterprise Communications recently won this years iF Design Award, which is known as the Design Oscar.
NEWS | JAN 28, 2019|Huawei actively Promotes IEEE Smart City Reference Architecture Standard Process|January 23-25, 2019, Huawei successfully hosted IEEE P2413 Working Group meeting in Shenzhen.
NEWS | JAN 24, 2019|Huawei Launches 5G Multi-mode Chipset and 5G CPE Pro|Huawei officially launched its 5G multi-mode chipset Balong 5000 today|along with the first commercial 5G device powered by it, the Huawei 5G CPE Pro.
NEWS | JAN 24, 2019|Huawei Launches World's First 5G Base Station Core Chip for Simplified 5G|Huawei today launched world's first core chip specifically designed for 5G base stations, Huawei TIANGANG.
NEWS | JAN 17, 2019|Huawei Takes the Lead in Completing China 5G Technology R&D Trial using 2.6GHz Spectrum|Recently, Huawei completed the 5G NR (New Radio) test at 2.6GHz spectrum in the 5G trial organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group.
NEWS | JAN 17, 2019|Huawei and Turkcell Jointly Release Solution for Next Generation Wireless OSS|Huawei and Turkcell have jointly released a solution for Next Generation (NG) Wireless OSS.
NEWS | JAN 09, 2019|Huawei Releases Industry’s First Data Center Switch Built for the AI Era: CloudEngine 16800|Today Huawei unveiled the industrys first data center switch built for the Artificial Intelligence (AI) era|CloudEngine 16800, at its network product launch event for Spring 2019 themed A CloudEngine Built for the AI Era.
NEWS | JAN 07, 2019|Huawei Unveils Industry's Highest-Performance ARM-based CPU|Huawei announced the industry's highest-performance Advanced RISC Machine (ARM)-based CPU. Called Huawei Kunpeng 920, the new CPU is designed to boost the development of computing in big data, distributed storage, and ARM-native application scenarios.
NEWS | JAN 03, 2019|Huawei Releases Wireless Fiber Solution to Increase HBB Rates and Improve Penetration|Huawei released the latest Wireless Fiber Solution (an enhanced WTTx solution).
NEWS | DEC 29, 2018|IHS Releases the IoT Platform Vendor Scorecard - 2018: Huawei Claims Top Spot in IoT Platform Vendors|IHS Markit recently released the IoT Platform Vendor Scorecard|2018, by which Huawei's OceanConnect IoT Platform is graded as the leading IoT platform.
NEWS | DEC 20, 2018|Huawei Releases an AI Fabric White Paper, Helping to Build an Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network|Huawei released AI Fabric, Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network in the AI Era.
NEWS | DEC 18, 2018|Huawei's Ken Hu Expresses Confidence in Business and Addresses Challenges|Huawei Rotating Chairman Ken Hu held a press conference with leading global media at the company's new campus in Dongguan on Tuesday, December 18.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2018|Huawei OceanStor Dorado V3 Series All Flash Storage Becomes the First to Fully Support the NVMe Architecture|At today's Data|Storage Summit 2018, Huawei announced that its OceanStor Dorado V3 series all flash storage is the first to fully support the Non-Volatile Memory express (NVMe) architecture.
NEWS | DEC 10, 2018|Migu Joins Hands with Shanghai Mobile and Huawei to Complete the World's First Real 4K UHD Live Broadcasting Through 5G Network Slicing|On December 8, the 12th Migu Music Awards were held at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai. Jay (Zhou Jielun), A Mei (Zhang Huimei), G.E.M. (Deng Ziqi), and other famous Chinese music artists took to the stage.
NEWS | DEC 06, 2018|Huawei joins hands with Chindata to win the DCD global annual Living at the Edge Award|Recently, Huawei and Chindata won the DCD global annual Living at the Edge Award. Previously, Huawei joined hands with Chindata to obtain the DCD Living at the Edge Award in the Asia Pacific region.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2018|Altice Portugal and Huawei sign 5G partnership|Huawei has partnered with market-leading Telecommunications Operator Altice Portugal to sign a memorandum of understanding committing to the development and implementation of 5G services in Portugal.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2018|Huawei 5G LampSite Takes Leading Role in China's Third Phase 5G SA Tests|Huawei today said it is the first company to complete a 5G SA functional and performance test of 5G LampSite.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2018|Intel and Huawei Achieve World‘s First 2.6GHz 5G Interoperability Testing under SA|Today, Intel and Huawei announced that they have successfully completed 2.6GHz 5G NR Interoperability and Development Testing (IoDT) based on the 3GPP Release 15 global standard September version.
NEWS | NOV 30, 2018|MTC And Huawei Jointly Deploy The First LTE 4T6S Solution in Africa|MTC Namibia partnered with Huawei to put the 4T6S solution into large-scale commercial use.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2018|HUAWEI CLOUD Officially Launches Blockchain Service for Users Around the World|HUAWEI CLOUD officially launched its Blockchain Service (BCS) for global use on November 15, 2018, after launching it for commercial use in China on October 10th this year.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2018|Huawei Says 5G Commercialization will Bring 5 Changes at GSMA Mobile360 MENA|Huawei, a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices shared key insights on commercialization of 5G in MENA and subsequently led IoT and 5G workshops during the GSMA mobile360 MENA Conference, gathering a number of leaders and experts from the mobile telecom industry.
NEWS | NOV 28, 2018|Third year in a row, Huawei bags three awards at Telecom Asia Readers’ Choice & Innovation Awards|Huawei today announced that it has received top honours in three categories, namely VoLTE Innovation of the Year, LTE Innovation of the Year and Smart City Innovation of the Year at the 11th Readers' Choice|Innovation Awards, organised by Telecom Asia Readers Choice|Innovation at The Mira, Hong Kong.
NEWS | NOV 27, 2018|Huawei Bags Two Esteemed Awards at the 2018 Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific Best Practices Awards|Huawei was awarded 2018 Asia-Pacific Telecom Equipment Vendor of the Year for 5 consecutive years and 2018 Asia-Pacific Self-Service Contact Centre Application Vendor of the Year at the 2018 Frost|Sullivan Asia Pacific Best Practices Awards.
NEWS | NOV 26, 2018|Cellular Connected Cars Ready to Help Improve Road Safety in Europe|Vodafone, Jaguar Land Rover and Huawei have undertaken a live demonstration of a full Cellular Vehicle-to-Everything (C-V2X) connected car system with the potential to significantly improve road safety standards in the near future.
NEWS | NOV 26, 2018|Huawei Releases PoleStar2.0 to Accelerate Smart City Deployment|Huawei released PoleStar2.0 at the 2018 Global Mobile Broadband Forum.
NEWS | NOV 26, 2018|Huawei Releases the Autonomous Driving Mobile Network Solution MAE|Huawei's first wireless automation roundtable was held during the 2018 GMBBF. Huawei officially released the Mobile Automation Engine (MAE) solution, which accelerates full-scenario autonomous driving in mobile networks.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2018|Huawei's 5G Microwave Headed for Full Commercialization|At the Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2018, Huawei released the SingleRAN Pro solution, including 5G microwave.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2018|Huawei and Telkomsel Sign MoU on Digital Transformation|Huawei and Telkomsel, a leading mobile operator in Indonesia, signed a joint innovation memorandum of understanding (MoU) during the 2018 Global Mobile Broadband Forum.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2018|Huawei First Releases the LTE 4T6S 2.0 Solution for Higher Network Capacity|At the Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2018, Huawei released the industry-leading LTE 4T6S 2.0.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2018|Huawei Intent-Driven Network Solution Takes Home "GNTC Innovation Award"|Huawei recently shared the latest developments on its innovative Intent-Driven Network (IDN) offerings and highlighted the IDN-based Cloud-Network Convergence Solution at the Global Network Technology Conference (GNTC) 2018.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2018|Edward Deng: SingleRAN Pro Inspires 5G Era New Business, New Capability, and New Direction|During the Ninth Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Edward Deng, President of Huawei Wireless Solution, delivered a keynote speech entitled "Huawei SingleRAN Pro Inspires 5G Era New Business, New Capability, and New Direction".
NEWS | NOV 21, 2018|GSMA Launches New Industry-Wide Initiative to Support Development of Operator Edge Cloud AR/VR|The GSMA today announced the launch of a new industry-wide initiative called The GSMA Cloud AR/VR Forum that will focus on the development of cloud virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) technology.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2018|Huawei Announces Signing of 22 Commercial Contracts for 5G|During a keynote speech delivered at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) in London, Huawei Executive Director and President of Carrier BG Ryan Ding announced that Huawei has signed 22 commercial contracts for 5G.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2018|Huawei and China Mobile Hong Kong Win Collaborative ‘Ground-breaking Virtualization Initiative’ Award|Huawei and China Mobile Hong Kong (CMHK) received the "Ground-breaking Virtualization Initiative" award for their Core Network Cloud Transformation solution at the 2018 Global Telecoms Awards.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2018|Huawei Releases CloudAIR3.0 Solution|During the 2018 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei released a new CloudAIR3.0 solution, which provides multi-dimensional convergence, in-depth sharing, and thorough cloudification of air interface resources to help operators ensure smooth LTE/5G-oriented evolution of full spectrum.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2018|5G Inspiring the Future: Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World|The 9th Global Mobile Broadband Forum|"5G Inspiring the Future"|kicked off in London today, gathering more than 2,200 leaders and analysts from mobile telecom operators, vertical industries, and standards organizations around the world.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2018|Telcos Must Take the Lead to Speed Development of Autonomous Driving Mobile Networks with AI|In the age of Artificial Intelligence, the telecom industry must be prepared to take the lead to drive development of autonomous driving mobile networks, according to David Wang, Executive Director of the Board at Huawei in a keynote at the Ninth Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) in London.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2018|Huawei Releases "Key Scenarios of Autonomous Driving Mobile Network"|Today at the ninth Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei released a white paper titled "Key Scenarios of Autonomous Driving Mobile Network".
NEWS | NOV 20, 2018|Huawei Unveils 5G Home Broadband Capability in London|Huawei and Three UK today showcased a 5G home broadband demonstration using Three UKs 100MHz C-Band spectrum at the 2018 Huawei Mobile Broadband Forum, bringing to life the transformative capability of 5G services.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2018|Huawei Releases VP Master to Empower Efficient Capacity Expansion|During the 2018 Global MBB Forum, Huawei formally released its Value Package Master (VP Master), a professional service solution designed to enable global carriers to increase network capacity.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2018|Huawei Marine's MARS Cable Finally Reaches Rodrigues Island|Huawei Marine and PCCW Global today announced that the submarine cable used in the MARS project has landed on Rodrigues Island, an outer island that forms part of Mauritius. The MARS project is the first submarine cable system to connect the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2018|Huawei Releases 5G LampSite Family as All Indoor Scenarios Go to 5G|During the 2018 Global MBB Forum, Huawei released its 5G LampSite Family solutions oriented to all indoor scenarios.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2018|Huawei’s 5G Core Network Solution Wins ‘Advancing the Road to 5G’ Award|Huawei's 5G Core Network Solution won the "Advancing the Road to 5G" award from the Global Telecoms Awards (GLOTEL).
NEWS | NOV 15, 2018|HUAWEI CLOUD Unveils in South Africa, Enabling to Build a Fully Connected Intelligent Africa|HUAWEI CLOUD, the cloud-computing services of Huawei, announced it had unveiled a new region in South Africa at AfricaCom 2018 on November 14, making the company the world's first cloud service provider that operates a local data center to provide cloud services in Africa.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2018|Zero Wait, LTE Evolution towards 5G Wins the Future|Huawei delivered a keynote speech at the 2018 AfricaCom on how to build a fully connected Africa.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2018|Huawei Obtains World’s First PUE Test Certificate for|Indoor Modular Data Center Product|Huawei was presented with the worlds first PUE (Power Usage Efficiency) test certificate for an indoor modular data center product at the Fourth Data Center Facility Summit.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2018|Huawei Customers Recognized for Smart City Achievements at Smart City Expo World Congress 2018|Huawei and three of its Smart City customers have won or been nominated for esteemed awards at the Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) 2018, in recognition of their joint innovation and outstanding achievements in improving peoples livelihoods, enhancing management efficiency and promoting economic development.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2018|Huawei Green Energy Solution Wins "Best Sustainable Power Solution" Award|Huawei Green Energy Solution-Hybrid Power solution PowerCube 1000 received the "Best Sustainable Power Solution" award at the award ceremony of the 21st AfricaCom event just ended.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2018|Huawei Launches New-Generation CloudLink Collaborative Telepresence Products|At the product launch event Connecting Time|Space, Changing the Future held during Huawei Eco-Connect Europe 2018, Huawei launched a new series of CloudLink collaborative telepresence products, including the CloudLink Board, CloudLink Box, and CloudLink Bar, leading enterprise communication and collaboration into the intelligent era.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2018|Huawei Launches Digital Platform for Smart Cities at Smart City Expo World Congress 2018|Today, at the Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) 2018 Huawei showcased its Digital Platform based on leading new ICT including artificial intelligence (AI), internet of things (IoT), big data and cloud, enabling city-wide intelligence and sustainable development across the international smart city industry.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2018|Huawei Announces Availability of HashiCorp Terraform Provider to Provision Infrastructure on Huawei Cloud|Huawei today announced the availability of the new [HashiCorp Terraform provider for Huawei Cloud].
NEWS | NOV 13, 2018|Huawei and Bright Computing Partner to Accelerate HPC with ARM and AI|Bright Computing, a global leader in cluster and cloud infrastructure automation software, and Huawei announced that the two companies are collaborating to offer intelligent HPC solutions accelerated by ARM and AI technology.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2018|Huawei and TIM: Agreement to Provide Advanced Network Services to Italian Companies|Huawei and TIM have started a partnership to offer Italian companies innovative services based on Software Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) technology, able to increase the reliability, flexibility and efficiency of corporate networks.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2018|Zhejiang Mobile and Huawei|Complete Large-scale 5G Early Deployment in Wuzhen|During the Fifth World Internet Conference, Zhejiang Mobile and Huawei completed the early deployment of 5G in Wuzhen.
NEWS | NOV 09, 2018|Huawei Releases the European Talent Development Program and Employee Value Proposition|Huawei held a talent engagement event "DigitALL Night" on November 8th in Rome.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei Launches HiAI 2.0, Commits to Creating the Ultimate AI App Experience
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei’s New Hosting Center Accelerates IoT Business Development across Europe|Huawei today launch a multi-tenant Internet of Things(IoT) Hosting Center on their flagship event, ECO-Connect Europe.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei 5G Truck Bring 5G to Public and Invite Ecosystem to Explore 5G Together|Huawei 5G Demo Truck will be in front of the Rome Convention Center (The Cloud) open to the Huawei Europe Innovation Day and Huawei Eco-Connect Europe from 7 to 9 November.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei Releases Digital Nation: Stronger Economy, Better Society, Adept Governance|Today Huawei released a position paper titled Digital Nation: Stronger Economy, Better Society, Adept Governance.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei Strengthens OpenLab Program to Foster Industry Ecosystem in Europe|At Huawei eco-Connect | Europe 2018 held in Rome (Italy), Huawei today unveiled that it will build a new OpenLab focusing on Industry 4.0 and Smart Manufacturing in Ismaning/Munich by the end of 2018, after successfully launching the Munich and Paris OpenLabs in 2016 and 2017 respectively.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei Holds Eco-Connect Europe 2018|with a Focus on its "Platform + Ecosystem" Strategy|On November 8 and 9, 2018, Huawei holds its annual Eco-Connect Europe event in Rome, Italy, under the theme of "For a DigitALL INtelligent Europe ". Eco-Connect Europe is Huawei's flagship event in Europe.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2018|Huawei Positioned as a Challenger in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for WAN Edge Infrastructure|Huawei announced today that Gartner has positioned the company as a Challenger in Gartners first Magic Quadrant for WAN Edge Infrastructure.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|The Power of Joint Innovation in Europe:|Huawei Chairman Hua Liang Discusses Innovation, Openness, and the Ecosystem|Huawei European Innovation Day 2018 was held on November 7 in Rome. Huawei Board Chairman Hua Liang attended the summit and delivered a keynote speech, sharing the value and contributions of Huawei in Europe.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|Announced New Projects of the Joint Innovation Center Of Huawei and CRS4 for Smart & Safe City|Two years after its inauguration, the Joint Innovation Center (JIC) of the Pula Technology Park, the joint innovation laboratory of Huawei and the CRS4 dedicated to research projects on Smart|Safe City enters a new planning phase.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|Huawei Builds a Joint Innovation Ecosystem for Intelligent Society|Huaweis European Innovation Day and Eco-Connect Europe conference and exhibition will be taking place in Rome, Italy, from 7 to 9 November, with the theme: "For a DigitALL INtelligent Europe".
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|Huawei Ascend 310 AI Chip Earns ‘World Leading Scientific and Technological Achievement Award’ at the Fifth World Internet Conference|Todayat the Fifth World Internet Conference (WIC), Huaweis Ascend 310 chip stoodout among more than 400 technology achievements to win the conferences WorldLeading Scientific and Technological Achievement award. This honor recognizes artificialintelligence (AI) system-on-chips (SoC) as having the industrys strongestcompute capabilities for edge computing scenarios, with support from theunified and scalable Da Vinci architecture. This marks the third consecutiveyear Huawei has received this award and the opportunity to showcase itsinnovation during the conference.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|China Mobile 5G Innovation Center and Huawei Jointly Demonstrate First 8K VR Broadcast during 5th World Internet Conference|At the fifth World Internet Conference , China Mobile 5G Innovation Center worked closely with Huawei to unveil the first 5G network based 8K VR live broadcast.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2018|Huawei and China Mobile Hong Kong Win the ‘Best Network Transformation Initiative’ Award|The all-cloud core network built by Huawei and China Mobile Hong Kong won the Best Network Transformation Initiative award at 2018 World Communication Awards ceremony.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2018|Huawei Brings state-of-the-art 5G to Lebanon|Huaweis latest 5G equipment has enabled touch, the leading mobile telecommunications and data operator in Lebanon, to perform the first commercial 5G trial in the nation.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2018|KPN, Shell and Partners Test Industrial 5G Applications in the Port of Rotterdam|In the Rotterdam harbour, KPN, Shell, Huawei, ExRobotics, Accenture and ABB have tested the first industrial 5G-applications with the new generation of mobile networks.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2018|Airbus and HUAWEI collaborate to develop new inflight connectivity and smart manufacturing|Airbus China Innovation Centre (ACIC) has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Huawei, to cooperate on research and applications for inflight connectivity and the Internet of Things (IOT) at Airshow China.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2018|Huawei CloudAIR Solution Awarded as ‘Innovative Network Solution of the Year for Connectivity’ at IMC 2018|At India Mobile Congress 2018 (October 25-27), Huaweis CloudAIR solution was awarded by the "Innovative Network Solution of the Year for connectivity", presented by The Ministry of Communications (MoC, India) and Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI).
NEWS | NOV 01, 2018|Huawei’s High-End All-Flash Storage OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 Breaks Records in SPC-1™ Performance Testing|Huaweis high-end OceanStor Dorado18000 V3 all-flash storage system achieved 7,000,565 Input/Output Operations Per Second (IOPS) with the data reduction function enabled in SPC-1 benchmark testing.
NEWS | OCT 30, 2018|Huawei iLab Releases a White Paper to Help Move Medical Images to the Cloud|Huawei iLab has officially released its Medical Imaging Cloud Scenario White Paper.
NEWS | OCT 29, 2018|Huawei and CSA Jointly Release the Guideline on Effectively Managing Security Service in the Cloud|Huawei and Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) jointly released the cloud security service management guide at the CSA APAC 2018 summit held in Singapore.
NEWS | OCT 29, 2018|Huawei and Hunan Broadcasting System Release White Paper on Media Fabric IP-based 4K Production and Broadcasting Solution|Huawei and Hunan Broadcasting System released the industry's first white paper describing the architecture and technical details of the Media Fabric IP-based 4K production and broadcasting solution.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2018|Huawei Launched Intel® Select Solution in NFVI for FusionSphere|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2018, Huawei launched an Intel Select Solution in NFVI for FusionSphere.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2018|Huawei Collaborates with Broadband Forum OB-BAA Community to Unveil the First Automated Access Prototype|At Broadband World Forum 2018, Huawei, Broadband Forum (BBF), and other members of the Open Broadband - Broadband Access Abstraction (OB-BAA) community unveiled an OB-BAA 1.0 prototype that is fully compliant with the Cloud Central Office (CloudCO) standard.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2018|Huawei Launches Flex-PON 2.0 to Help Operators Achieve Smooth Evolution to XG(S)-PON Networks|At Broadband World Forum 2018, Huawei launched Flex-PON 2.0, an edge tool for the Intent-Driven FTTx solution. By replacing the PON optical module, Flex-PON 2.0 enables the same service board to be compatible with 6 PON technologies, fully reusing OLT resources on live networks.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2018|Huawei Signs Collaboration Agreements with TPCAST and Mediapro to Collaborate on 5G AR/VR|Huawei has signed agreements with TPCAST, who introduced the world's first commercial wireless virtual reality (VR) solution, and the multimedia communications giant, Mediapro, to collaborate in the development of 5G virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR).
NEWS | OCT 24, 2018|Huawei OceanStor 9000 Awarded Major Industry Innovation Contributor at Security China 2018|The 14th China International Exhibition on Public Safety and Security 2018 (Security China 2018) was held in Beijing from October 23 to 26.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|Huawei 5G Core Network: Simpler Yet More Reliable|During the 2019 Huawei Global Analyst Summit, Jason Dai, President of Huawei Cloud Core Network Strategy|Business Development Dept, delivered a keynote speech on Huawei's 5G core network strategy.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|SingleRAN Pro: Combining Simplicity and Openness for 5G Success|Huawei's SingleRAN Pro solution offers an open, simplified networking concept to help operators roll out commercial 5G networks with speed and prosper.
NEWS | APR 17, 2019|Huawei Announces the Atlas AI Computing Platform Ready on a Commercial Scale|Huawei announced the official launch of the Atlas AI computing platform to the market, unlocking a new chapter on the Atlas commercial roadmap.
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|Huawei is Moving into Innovation 2.0: Vision-driven Theoretical Breakthroughs and Inventions|Huawei held its 16th annual Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China. The theme of this year's summit was "Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World".
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|Huawei and VR OpenLab Partners Launch Dual-G Cloud VR Initiative to Accelerate Cloud VR Business Innovation|During the 16th Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS), Huawei and its business partners of VR OpenLab including NVIDIA, BOE, Cyber Cloud, Letin VR, Skyworth VR, Pico, DPVR, iQIY, and Growlib launched the Dual-G Cloud VR Initiative.
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|Huawei: Steering Innovation to Build a Fully Connected, Intelligent World|Huawei held its 16th annual Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China. The theme of this year's summit was "Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World".
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|Huawei Enterprise Business Group Leads New ICT: Intelligence, Connectivity and Digital Platform|Today Huawei kicked off its 16th annual Global Analyst Summit (HAS) in Shenzhen, China.
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|InterContinental Shenzhen, Shenzhen Telecom and Huawei Jointly Kick Off Creation of the World's First 5G Smart Hotel|Today, InterContinental Shenzhen, Shenzhen Telecom and Huawei signed a strategic cooperation agreement to create the world's first 5G smart hotel.
NEWS | APR 16, 2019|Huawei's Ken Hu: The Intelligent World is Here|At the 16th Huawei Global Analyst Summit, Huawei Deputy Chair Ken Hu shared the company's insight into broader industry trends and the Huawei's strategic direction.
NEWS | APR 15, 2019|GlobalData Ranks Huawei NCE an Industry Leader in WAN SDN Controllers|Huawei's Network Cloud Engine (NCE) eclipsed a field of 10 mainstream WAN SDN controllers and was ranked the only leader in WAN SDN controllers by GlobalData, in its March 2019 report titled "WAN SDN Controller: Competitive Landscape Assessment."
NEWS | APR 12, 2019|Huawei Launches the One Thousand Dreams Program to Improve ICT Education for the Youth and Provide Care for Children in Central and Eastern Europe|At the China and Central and Eastern European (CEE) Countries Economic and Trade Forum held in Croatia today, Huawei announced the launch of the "One Thousand Dreams" social contribution program.
NEWS | APR 11, 2019|First Showcase of 5G Vertical LAN Developed through Huawei’s Cooperation with China Mobile and Baidu|Today in Beijing, China Mobile joined hands with Huawei and Baidu to showcase the SA-based 5G Vertical LAN technology for the first time. This technology provides an 8K video conferencing system, facilitating enterprise office cloudification. It also enables partners to provide a customized 5G vertical LAN on which enterprise terminals and enterprise clouds coexist.
NEWS | APR 10, 2019|Huawei Completes SRv6 Interoperability Tests at EANTC|At MPLS+SDN+NFV World Congress 2019, Huawei participated in multi-vendor interoperability tests conducted by the European Advanced Network Test Center (EANTC), which has recently released its 2019 Interoperability Test White Paper.
NEWS | APR 10, 2019|Huawei with China Telecom and State Grid Jointly Complete the World's First 5G SA Electricity Slice Test|China Telecom Jiangsu, State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC) Nanjing Power Supply Company, and Huawei completed the industry's first electricity network slice test under a real power grid environment in Nanjing.
NEWS | APR 10, 2019|Huawei Releases “Design Guide for Campus Wi-Fi Networks in the Wi-Fi 6 Era v1.0” White Paper|Today Huawei released a new white paper entitled Design Guide for Campus Wi-Fi Networks in the Wi-Fi 6 Era v1.0 at the Global Education Digital Transformation Summit in Shanghai, China.
NEWS | APR 10, 2019|Huawei’s Network Cloud Engine Completes EANTC's PCEP and NETCONF/YANG Interoperability Tests|Huawei's Network Cloud Engine (NCE) has achieved a strong performance and completed multi-vendor interoperability tests in both the Path Computation Element Communication Protocol (PCEP) and NETCONF/YANG fields.
NEWS | APR 09, 2019|Huawei Launches Industry's First Intelligent Metro Router for the 5G and Cloud Era: the NetEngine 8000 Series|Huawei has launched the industrys first intelligent metro router for 5G at the MPLS+SDN+NFV World Congress 2019 in Paris.
NEWS | APR 09, 2019|Huawei Mobile Money Platform is awarded Champion in ICT Applications|At the recent ITU World Summit on Information Society (WSIS) Forum 2019, Huawei Mobile Money Platform has been awarded Champion of WSIS Prize 2019 for the Category 8 ICT applications: benefits in all aspects of life|e-Business.
NEWS | APR 09, 2019|China Tower and Huawei Conduct Joint Innovation Test on 5G Energy Solutions|China Tower and Huawei have announced the completion of a joint innovation test on 5G energy solutions.
NEWS | APR 08, 2019|FiberStar Signs MoU with Huawei to Jointly Build Ultra-Broadband Network|Recently, FiberStar Indonesia signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Huawei at the Huawei ISP Summit Asia Pacific 2019 in Bali, agreeing to further deepen cooperation in addition to building a high-speed optical fiber network.
NEWS | APR 08, 2019|Huawei Intelligent Computing Commands Global No. 1 Growth, Ranking Top 3 by Revenue Q4 2018, Gartner Reports|Gartner, a global leading IT research and advisory company, has issued a press release titled Gartner Says Worldwide Server Revenue Grew 17.8% in the Fourth Quarter of 2018, While Shipments Increased 8.5%.
NEWS | APR 04, 2019|Huawei Helps Tunisia Promote ICT Talents and Digital Economy|Huawei and Tunisia have agreed to strengthen cooperation on ICT talents cultivation, digital economy development and public safety.
NEWS | APR 04, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Jointly Announce 5G FWA Pioneer Users in Switzerland|Sunrise announced to provide Fixed Wireless Access (FWA) service to 5G pioneer users in Switzerland.
NEWS | APR 04, 2019|Huawei Launches New-Gen Servers Running on 2nd-Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors|Huawei Intelligent Computing held a launch ceremony in Beijing themed "+Intelligence, Taking Computing to New Levels", and officially released its FusionServer Pro intelligent servers running on the second-generation Intel Xeon Scalable processors and the Intel Optane DC-grade persistent memory.
NEWS | APR 03, 2019|Huawei Launches FusionServer Pro Intelligent Servers|At today's +Intelligence, Taking Computing to New Levels press conference, Huawei Intelligent Computing Business Dept announced the FusionServer Pro series of intelligent servers.
NEWS | APR 03, 2019|Huawei Announces Top 10 ICT Talents from Bangladesh|Huawei has announced 10 outstanding ICT talents from five renowned universities of Bangladesh. Selected students names have been declared at a gala event of Seeds for the future 2019 held at Dhaka.
NEWS | APR 01, 2019|Huawei's New FusionServer 2298 V5 in the Spotlight at ISP Summit|At the Huawei ISP Summit Asia Pacific 2019, Huawei showcased a rich package of intelligent computing products, including the brand new FusionServer 2298 V5 ultra-high-density storage server, TaiShan|the industry's highest-performance ARM-based server, and the SSD intelligent accelerator component.
NEWS | APR 01, 2019|Notice on Rotating Chairman Tenure|In accordance with Huawei's Rotating Chairman system, Mr. Ken Hu will assume the position of Rotating and Acting Chairman of Huawei from April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2019|Huawei Releases its 2018 Annual Report: Bullish Growth in the Face of Adversity|Huawei released its 2018 Annual Report today. According to the report, the company maintained strong business growth in 2018.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2019|Huawei's Core Network Autonomous Driving Engine Wins Intelligent Orchestration Technical Award|Huawei's Core Network Autonomous Driving Engine has received the "Intelligent Orchestration Technical Award" at the 2019 Zero Touch Automation Congress hosted by Layer123.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2019|MTN Awards Huawei its ‘Supplier of the Year 2018’ and ‘Best Innovation 2018’|MTN Group hosted its Annual Supplier Award Ceremony in Dubai on 27 March 2019.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2019|Huawei and Video Experience Alliance Jointly Release Cloud VR User Experience and Evaluation White Paper|Recently, Huawei and the Video Experience Alliance (China's industry organization for video experience standards) jointly released the Cloud VR User Experience and Evaluation White Paper, which is the industry's first standard for defining the user experience of Cloud VR services.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2019|Huawei AI Fabric Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network Passes Tolly's Test with All-Round Leading Performance|At the Huawei China Eco-Partner Conference 2019, Huawei announced that its AI Fabric Intelligent and Lossless Data Center Network solution passed the comparison test and verification by the international authoritative test organization|Tolly Group.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2019|Huawei Calls for 80-100MHz/operator at C-band/TDD 2.6GHz/2.3GHz for 5G Business Success|Huawei has called for release of spectrum for 5G to promote sustainable growth in the Asia Pacifics mobile business at the 5th Asia-Pacific Spectrum Management Conference.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2019|HUAWEI CLOUD Unveils New AI and Blockchain Services in Hong Kong|Hosting its 2019 Cloud Summit in Hong Kong today, Huawei announced it is strategically investing in the city and the region to contribute to the economic development of the Greater Bay Area by helping enterprises embrace the intelligent future of cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI).
NEWS | MAR 18, 2019|Huawei Releases New Flagship ONT EchoLife K5 Pro to Deliver Premium Home Wi-Fi Experience|At the FTTH Conference 2019, Huawei released its new flagship GPON ONT, the Huawei EchoLife K5 Pro, which complies with the latest TR-398 Wi-Fi performance test standard released by the Broadband Forum (BBF).
NEWS | MAR 15, 2019|Huawei to Adopt OCP’s Open Rack across New Public Cloud Datacenters Globally|Huawei Technologies, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced plans to adopt Open Rack in its new public cloud datacenters worldwide.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2019|Huawei Releases the QuickODN Solution|In the 2019 FTTH Conference, Huawei officially released the QuickODN solution for the 10G PON era.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2019|Huawei KunLun 9008 V5 Achieves Record-breaking Test Score on SAP® Business Warehouse Powered By SAP HANA® Benchmark Version 3|Huawei Technologies today announced that its KunLun 9008 V5 delivered a record-breaking test score of 5,475 queries per hour in phase 2 with 11.7 billion initial records loaded.
NEWS | MAR 08, 2019|Huawei 5G Outdoor CPE Wins Red Dot Award: Product Design 2019|Huaweis 5G outdoor customer-premises equipment (CPE) wins Red Dot Award: Product Design 2019 recently.
NEWS | MAR 07, 2019|Huawei Sues the U.S. Government for Unconstitutional Sales Restrictions Imposed by Congress|Today, Huawei announced that it has filed a complaint in a U.S. federal court that challenges the constitutionality of Section 889 of the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
NEWS | MAR 06, 2019|Huawei Atlas Gains Double Victories at Red Dot Design Award|Recently, in Germany's prestigious Red Dot Award Design Competition, the Huawei Atlas 300 AI Accelerator Card and Atlas 500 AI Edge Station were recognized by the design industry's most stringent jury and won the Red Dot Design Award.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2019|Huawei Launches World's First 50G PON Prototype|Huawei has unveiled the world's first single-wavelength 50G passive optical network (PON) prototype at the Mobile World Congress 2019 (MWC 2019).
NEWS | MAR 06, 2019|Huawei's ON2.0 Solutions Win Three Optical Network Innovation Awards at OFC 2019|During the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exhibition (OFC), optical network mainstream media Lightwave presented their annual outstanding innovation awards in the optical communication field.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2019|Huawei Releases Optical Networking 2.0 Solution for the 5G Era|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019, Huawei officially released the Optical Networking 2.0 (ON2.0) solution.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2019|Huawei Cyber Security Transparency Centre Opens in Brussels|Huawei opened their Cyber Security Transparency Centre today in Brussels, with over 200 representatives from regulators, telecom carriers, enterprises, and the media attending the event.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2019|Huawei Releases the Industry's First 5G Microwave White Paper|At MWC 2019, Huawei released the industry's first 5G Microwave White Paper.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2019|Huawei Releases Symmetric 10G PON ONT with Industry's Highest Wi-Fi Rate|At MWC 2019, Huawei released a symmetric 10G PON ONT with the industry's highest Wi-Fi rate, EchoLife V5 X Pro.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2019|Huawei Launches CloudFAN2.0|At MWC 2019, Huawei officially launches the CloudFAN2.0 solution for the 10G PON era.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2019|Huawei Unveils Next-Generation DCI Solution|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019, Huawei unveiled their next-generation Data Center Interconnect (DCI) transmission solution.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2019|Huawei Releases the Telco Cloud Networking Solution|At MWC 2019, Huawei announced the release of the Telco Cloud Networking Solution.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2019|Huawei and MTN Sign a Joint Business Innovation MoU|Huawei announced it has signed a joint business innovation MoU with MTN, a leading mobile network operator across Africa and the Middle East, at the 2019 Mobile World Congress.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2019|Orange and Huawei Sign Agreement for IT Joint Innovation Center|At MWC 2019, Stphane Demartis, VP of Orange OLN, and Joy Huang, CTO of Huawei Cloud|AI Products and Services and VP of Huaweis IT Product Line, signed an agreement for an Orange-Huawei IT Joint Innovation Center (JIC).
NEWS | MAR 01, 2019|HAWE and Huawei Together Announce In-Depth Cooperation in Backbone Bearer Networks to Build the Silk Road of Information|HAWE Telekom (HAWE) and Huawei announced the establishment of a deep cooperative relationship in backbone bearer networks at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019, carrying out end-to-end MS-OTN full service bearer solution innovation to build the silk road of information networks together.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2019|Open Site Group Set Up at MWC 2019|The Global Site Forum was held at MWC 2019 in Barcelona. During this forum, Huawei and a number of leading global carriers, tower companies, and third-party partners jointly initiated to create the Open Site Interest Group.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2019|Huawei's Peter Zhou: 5G Will Promote Development of Cloud X Industries|Huawei announced the strategy of promoting Cloud X and released the global version of 5G Cloud VR Dev Kit at MWC 2019.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2019|Huawei Unveils the Smart Logistics Solution to Power Agile Innovation in the Logistics Industry|Huawei released the Smart Logistics Solution during MWC 2019, aiming to help enterprises improve efficiency in fields such as transportation, distribution, and warehousing, facilitate agile innovation in the logistics industry, and achieve digital, information-based, and intelligent management.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2019|Huawei Continues Commitment to OSSii with 5G Extension, Facilitating Network Automation|With the global deployment progress of 5G network, Huawei, Ericsson and Nokia recently agreed to initiate the discussion on OSSii (Operation Support System Interoperability Initiative) MoU extension to cover 5G network technology domain.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2019|Huawei Releases the Industry's Most Powerful "1+1" Antennas, Enabling Ultra-Lean Site in 5G Era|Huawei released the most powerful "1+1" antennas at MWC 2019, including the industry's first 30 ports antenna, the industry's smallest FDD 4T4R+TDD 8T8R converged antenna, and the industrys first fully integrated ultra-wideband multi-sector antenna.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2019|Huawei and Gelsenkirchen Sign MoU for Smart City Cooperation at MWC2019|Huawei and Gelsenkirchen signed a Memorandum of Understanding for Smart City Cooperation during the Mobile World Congress (MWC2019) held in Barcelona, Spain.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Huawei Helps China Unicom Release CUBE-Edge 2.0 and Industry Practice White Paper|Huawei helped China Unicom release a white paper on the CUBE-Edge 2.0 intelligent edge service platform and its industry practice at MWC 2019.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Türk Telekom and Huawei’s 5G Cloud Application in Vertical Industries Is Ranked One of the Best Solutions in the World|Turkeys leading information and communication technologies company Trk Telekom, tested the remote access of AR and VR based educational content over a 5G could connection with Huawei, one of the worlds leading global information and communication technologies solution providers.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Safaricom Partners with Huawei to Deploy the World's First End-to-End 400G Backbone Network|At MWC 2019, Kenya's leading telecom operator Safaricom announced that it would select Huawei's end-to-end 400G solution for its next-generation backbone network. This is the world's first commercial 400G project, advancing backbone network deployment towards the 400G era.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|XL Axiata Partners with Huawei to Build Southeast Asia's First 5G Ready Simplified Transport Network|During Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019, PT XL Axiata Tbk partnered with Huawei to announce the joint construction of the Southeast Asia's first 5G Ready simplified transport network.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Huawei Unveils Its Intelligent and Simplified 5G Core Network Solution|Huawei's intelligentand simplified 5G core network made its debut at the 2019 MWC.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Monaco Telecom and Huawei Sign a New Strategic Agreement on Internet of Things to Support “5G Nation” Project Initiated by Monaco|This Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed by Martin Peronnet, General Manager of Monaco Telecom and Weiliang Shi, General Manager of Huawei France during Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|China Unicom & Huawei: 5G Injects Vigor into the New Media Industry|At MWC 2019, China Unicom and Huawei held a joint communication conference on new media innovation outcomes where the latest achievements and development trends of 5G new media were discussed.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Huawei Launches New Members to OceanStor Dorado All-Flash Storage Family|During MWC19, Huawei launched the OceanStor Dorado3000 V3 entry-level all-flash storage system and the OceanStor Dorado Non-Volatile Memory Express (NVMe) mid-range and high-end all-flash storage, with superb performance, comprehensive enterprise-class features, and high efficiency.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2019|Huawei Release Simplified “1+2” 5G Microwave Architecture|At the MWC 2019, Huawei released the first 5G microwave "1+2" simplified architecture in industrial. With this simplified architecture, 1* dual band antenna plus 2* any band (6-86GHz) RF unit, Huawei 5G Microwave can provide up to 20+Gbps capacity for all backhaul scenarios, at the same time, achieving 50% saving on tower space and engineering cost, setting new benchmarks for ultra-high capacity and hardware simplification in Microwave domain.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|VIVA Bahrain Signs Nationwide 5G Service Agreement with Huawei|VIVA Bahrain, the leading telecommunication provider in the Kingdom of Bahrain, signed a nationwide 5G service launch MoU with Huawei, a leading global provider of ICT infrastructure and smart devices.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Rain and Huawei Jointly Launch the First 5G Commercial Network in South Africa|At 2019 Mobile World Congress (MWC 2019), rain, South Africas mobile data-only network operator, announced that it has launched the first 5G commercial network in South Africa in partnership with Huawei, the leading global ICT solutions provider.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei C-V2X E2E Solution Awarded the Best Mobile Technology for Automobile by GSMA|Huawei's end-to-end C-V2X (Cellular-V2X) Commercial Solution won Best Mobile Technology for Automobile Award at the 2019 World Mobile Congress.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Switzerland's First 5G, Sunrise 5G will Start Commercial in March|On the eve of Mobile World Congress, during the Day0 5G forum held by Huawei, Sunrise CEO Olaf Swantee said in an interview with the media that Sunrise 5G is progressing smoothly and is the first 5G pioneer in Switzerland.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei’s “5G UL & DL Decoupling” Receives 2019 GSMA Award for Best Mobile Technology Breakthrough|At MWC 2019, the GSMA presented Huawei Technologies with 2019 Award for Best Mobile Technology Breakthrough for its 5G Uplink and Downlink Decoupling technology.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei and Icelandic Operator Nova Sign Agreement on 5G Testing|On Tuesday Huawei and mobile operator Nova signed an agreement on the first project on 5G testing to be executed in Iceland.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei Launches 5G Simplified Solution|Huawei released the 5G Simplified Solution at Mobile World Congress 2019.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei 5G DIS and 5G CPE Pro Jointly Demonstrated 5G Indoor Coverage Experience|Huawei deployed the 5G LampSite Pro and the latest commercial 5G CPE Pro to provide 5G coverage in Huawei exhibition hall during MWC 2019.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Huawei Releases RuralStar Lite to Promote Digital Inclusiveness and Bridge Digital Gap|At the Mobile World Congress 2019, Huawei released an innovative rural network solution, RuralStar Lite.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|"Choose Huawei for greater security”, Says Huawei’s Guo Ping|Guo Ping, Huaweis Rotating Chairman, calls for international collaboration on industry standards and appeals to governments across the world to listen to cyber security experts. His requests come during a keynote speech at Mobile World Congress 2019.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|Gaoqing in China wins the Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities by GSMA|At MWC 2019, Gaoqing city in China, based on Huawei's eLTE wireless private network, won the Best Mobile Innovation for Smart Cities Award.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2019|STC and Huawei Announce the 5G Aspiration Project|At Mobile World Congress 2019, Saudi Telecom Company (STC) signed Aspiration Project contract with Huawei, which contains E2E wireless network modernization and 5G network construction.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Indonesia’s Telkomsel Signs MOU with Huawei to Cooperate on Building a Fully Connected Digital Indonesia|Indonesias leading mobile operator Telkomsel and Huawei signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) during this years Mobile Word Congress (MWC 2019) in Barcelona.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Maxis and Huawei Sign MoU on 5G Acceleration Program|Maxis, the leading converged communications and digital services company in Malaysia and Huawei signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) during 2019 Mobile World Congress.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Adds New Members to Its OceanStor Dorado All-Flash Storage Family|At MWC19, Huawei today launched the OceanStor Dorado3000 V3 entry-level all-flash storage system and the OceanStor Dorado Non-Volatile Memory Express (NVMe) mid-range and high-end all-flash storage, with superb performance, comprehensive enterprise-class features, and high efficiency.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Launches the 5G-Ready Converged Transport Network Solution, Helping Operators Jump Start 5G|At MWC 2019, Huawei launched the 5G-ready converged transport network solution.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Unveils New Digital Inclusion Drive at Mobile World Congress|Huaweis Deputy Chairman, Ken Hu, unveiled a new digital inclusion initiative, Tech4ALL, during his speech at ministerial program during this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC2019).
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Enterprise Introduces Digital Platform at MWC19 Debut, Creating Foundation of Digital World|Huawei Enterprise Business Group (Huawei Enterprise) is making its first representation at MWC19 Barcelona under the theme of "Building a Fully Connected, Intelligent World" from February 25-28, 2019.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Sunrise and Huawei Jointly Win GSMA Award for Sunrise’s 5G FWA Service|During the 2019 Mobile World Congress, Swiss operator Sunrise and Huawei jointly won the GSMA's "Best Mobile Operator Service for Consumers" for Sunrise 5G Fixed Wireless Access (FWA) Service in recognition of the commercial and social value created by Sunrise and Huawei in Switzerland.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Releases the Next-Generation Data Center-Level Converged Distributed Storage — FusionStorage 8.0|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2019, Huawei released its next-generation data center-level converged distributed storage|FusionStorage 8.0.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Huawei Showcases Its 5G Network and SoftCOM AI Solutions at MWC 2019|Today marks the opening day of the MWC Barcelona 2019, where Huawei is appearing full force with a host of exhibitions, forums, and keynotes, and holding a wide range of discussions with operator customers and partners from around the world.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|XL Axiata and Huawei Sign MoU on ICT Managed Services Contract|PT XL Axiata Tbk, the Indonesian branch of Axiata Group, one of the largest communication service providers in the country, and Huawei, a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices, have announced the MOU signing of a new five-year contract for ICT Managed Services.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2019|Vodafone and Huawei Pioneer in Superior 5G Experience Based on a Live Network & 5G Devices|Vodafone and Huawei have jointly built a superior 5G experience zone in Barcelona during MWC 2019.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2019|Huawei Redefines Video Experience with 5G Live Networks and Foldable Phones|Huawei kicked off this year's Mobile World Congress with its Day0 Forum in Barcelona.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2019|Huawei Completes the World's First Commercial Verification of SuperBAND|Huawei has completed the first commercial verification of SuperBAND (phase 1) at its field in Asia Pacific.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2019|Huawei and China Mobile (Beijing) Releases Joint Innovation Achievements on Premium Home Broadband|Huawei and China Mobile (Beijing) released the achievements of joint premium home broadband innovation in the Mobile World Congress (MWC), showing the great value of Huawei's Intelligent Home Broadband OM Solution in precision broadband operation with exquisite user experience.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|Etisalat and Huawei Jointly Complete Testing of the Telecom Industry's First Single-Wavelength 600G Trial Site|UAE telecom operator Etisalat recently announced that it collaborated with Huawei to complete the industry's first testing of a single-wavelength 600G trial site. This trial cements Etisalat's leading position in transport network technological innovation, and promotes commercialization of single-wavelength 600G technology, with great commercial application value.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|GTI Cooperates with Industry Partners to Release 5G Pre-commercial Use White Paper|Yesterday, in the 24th GTI Workshop held in Barcelona, Spain, GTI released GTI Sub-6GHz 5G Pre-Commercial Trial White Paper. Huawei, as the organizer and main content contributor, interpreted the white paper.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|Huawei and CAICT Release ‘Cloud VR+2B Scenario White Paper’ and Propose Six 2B Scenarios|Huawei iLab and the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) have jointly released the Cloud VR+2B Scenario White Paper. The white paper provides insights into the development and trends of Virtual Reality (VR) technologies in vertical industries, identifies six promising 2B scenarios, and proposes an industry development initiative.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|CITIC Networks and Huawei Pioneer Commercial Use of Single-Wavelength 600G Networks|Huawei and CITIC Networks Co., Ltd. (CITIC Networks) have successfully made commercial use of a single-wavelength 600G network in Beijing for the first time in the industry. The network performance demonstrates that the high-speed transmission shown to be theoretically viable in laboratory testing has been fully realized on the live network.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2019|Huawei's Latest Mobile Phone SoC Kirin 980 Wins ‘Innovative Breakthrough in Mobile Technology Award’ from GTI|Just before the opening of Mobile World Congress 2019, the latest mobile phone developed by Huawei, the SoC Kirin 980, has won the Innovative Breakthrough in Mobile Technology Award from the Global TD-LTE Initiative (GTI), showing that Kirin 980 has been widely recognized for its contributions to the TD-LTE industry.
NEWS | JAN 25, 2017|Huawei to Showcase Latest ICT Innovations at CeBIT 2017|Huawei today announced its plans to showcase innovative ICT products and solutions at CeBIT, the worlds largest annual ICT trade fair, at the CeBIT Press Preview 2017. This is the seventh consecutive year Huawei has attended CeBIT and the company will team up with more than 50 partners and customers to exhibit innovative ICT solutions across cloud, Big Data, Internet of Things (IoT), and Software-Defined Networking (SDN) that empower business and ecosystem advancements. Huawei will also share its customers success stories in a range of industries including Smart City, finance, electric-power, transportation, and manufacturing.
NEWS | JAN 24, 2017|Huawei Became an Executive Corporate Member|of the Cloud Security Alliance|Huawei today announced that it has become an executive corporate member of the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA). The CSA is committed to ensuring the security of cloud services. Today, with the addition of Huawei, the CSA has nine executive corporate members. Executive members receive special access to the leadership team and board of directors of the CSA via an advisory group, the Executive Membership Council.
NEWS | JAN 24, 2017|Huawei KunLun Achieves Certification for Operating SAP HANA® up to 12TB, Now in General Availability|Huawei today announced that the Huawei KunLun 9016 Mission Critical Server is now successfully certified for operating the SAP HANA platform up to 12 terabytes (TB), with general availability (GA). The announcement signifies that Huawei KunLun is capable of delivering the performance and reliability demanded by enterprise core application solutions. Now customers using the SAP ERP application can choose Huawei KunLun as their core SAP HANA in-memory database platform. Huawei KunLun unlocks groundbreaking 8S+ scale-up capabilities to enable online transactions and real-time analytics of data on a larger scale and bolster productivity, as well as to support operational excellence for enterprises.
NEWS | JAN 19, 2017|Cliniques universitaires Saint-Luc (UCL) Establishes Core Medical Service Platform Using Huawei Storage|Cliniques universitaires Saint-Luc (UCL)recently announced its plan to use Huawei OceanStor storage to establish their core medical service platform. The announcement marks a major breakthrough in the European healthcare industry.
NEWS | JAN 18, 2017|Huawei FusionServer 2288H V3 Ranked First in TPC Express Benchmark Big Bench Tests|Huawei's FusionServer 2288H V3 has been ranked first in TPC Express Benchmark Big Bench (TPCx-BB) tests with a scale factor of 3000, according to the latest results released by TPC, an authoritative standard performance evaluation organization.
NEWS | JAN 16, 2017|Huawei and China Unicom jointly complete world's first|FDD Massive MIMO field verification|Huawei, together with China Unicom Group, completed field verification of the industry's first FDD-based Massive MIMO technology, using the existing two-antenna receiving terminal on the 20MHz spectrum to achieve a peak network rate of 697.3Mbps, 4.8 times that of traditional FDD LTE. The successful verification also demonstrated the innovation ability of both sides.
NEWS | JAN 16, 2017|Huawei Re-elected to the OpenStack Foundation Board of Directors|The election of Gold Directors on the 2017 OpenStack Foundation Board of Directors has confirmed that Huawei again held a seat on the board. Out of 24 gold member candidates, Huawei was one of eight foundation members to gain a seat. Re-election to the board demonstrates Huawei's increasing influence within the OpenStack community and the Foundation's recognition of Huawei's contributions to open-source activities.
NEWS | JAN 10, 2017|Huawei and AlgoSec to Deliver Integrated Security Policy Management to Drive Network Agility|Huawei today announced a partnership with AlgoSec, the market leader for business-driven security policy management. Through this partnership, Huawei security integrates its full range of firewall-related solutions with AlgoSecs security policy management solution to enable joint customers to streamline and automate security management operations, enhance visibility and improve security, compliance and business agility.
NEWS | JAN 06, 2017|HHuawei Consumer Business Group expects robust 2016 performance|Today Huawei Consumer Business Group (CBG) revealed its expected 2016 annual performance figures. For 2016, CBG predicts sales revenue of 178 billion RMB, 42% up from a year ago, achieving steady growth for the fifth consecutive year. Smartphone shipments also reached 139 million units with 29% year-on-year growth; according to IDC, the increasing rate of global smartphone shipments was only 0.6% in 2016, which means Huawei is outperforming the overall market.
NEWS | JAN 04, 2017|Huawei Mate 9 Breakthrough Smartphone Lands in the U.S.|Today at a pre-CES event, Huawei Device USA revealed that its highly-acclaimed Huawei Mate 9 will be available in the United States starting January 6, 2017. Building on Huaweis renowned innovation, the beautifully-designed Mate 9 delivers an all-new Android experience, featuring fast computing performance for 18 months with the new Kirin 960 chipset and machine-learning algorithm, SuperCharge technology for safe and fast charging, and a stunning new photo experience.
NEWS | JAN 04, 2017|Vodafone and Huawei bring 1.35Gbps to Romania|Vodafone Romania and Huawei broke the barrier of 1.35 Gbps download speed.
NEWS | DEC 26, 2016|Huawei X Labs issues smart transportation whitepaper, helping mobile operators to extend business field|During the Cross-Industry table meeting which is jointly held by GTI and Huawei at the 7th Global Mobile Broadband Forum (GMBBF), Huawei X Labs published an insight whitepaper of Smart Transportation, which aims to explore opportunities for mobile network operators (MNOs) to extend their business field.
NEWS | DEC 23, 2016|Huawei and Telefónica Sign a Memorandum of Understanding|to Jointly Develop NB-IoT Markets in Europe and Latin America|Huawei and Telefnica today announced that they have signed a strategic Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to work together on jointly developing the NB-IoT markets in Europe and Latin America.
NEWS | DEC 22, 2016|GSA released Small Cell Network white paper jointly with Huawei and other major vendors|The Global mobile Suppliers Association (GSA) jointly with Huawei and other major vendors has released a white paper on "Small Cell Networks that marks the first time the industry has reached a consensus on indoor network digitalization and cloud based Small Cell network architecture. The joint white paper will help operators build future-proof, sustainable mobile broadband networks.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2016|Huawei Launches Cloud Sandbox Inspection Service to Improve APT Defense Timeliness|Recently, Huawei officially launched the cloud sandbox inspection service for enterprise users across the world. This service aims to provide more convenient and cost-effective APT defense solutions and help users from data-sensitive industries protect core value assets.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2016|Huawei Marine Partners with Tele Greenland to Deploy 100G Submarine Network in the Arctic|Huawei Marine today announced that it will partner with Tele Greenland for the deployment of a 100G network along the Greenlandic Westcoast as well as a capacity upgrade of the existing Greenland Connect which connects Greenland with Iceland/Europe and North America. When completed, the new system will create a record - the worlds most northern 100G submarine network.
NEWS | DEC 20, 2016|Industry Partners Commit to NFV Interoperability Testing Initiative|Cisco, Ericsson, Huawei and Nokia today announced that they have signed a MoU to create the NFV Interoperability Testing Initiative (NFV-ITI) that will help communication service providers to address the challenges related to NFV deployment and Cloud transformation within multi-vendor network environments.
NEWS | DEC 20, 2016|Huawei’s 802.11ac Wave 2 APs Cited for Industry Leading Performance by Tolly Group|Current Analysis, a global market intelligence group that covers IT and telecoms, has released its latest assessment of Session Border Controller (SBC) models and ranked Huaweis SessionEngine2900 (SE2900) as tied for first place in the "leader" category. The report marks the third year in a row that Current Analysis has ranked Huaweis SBC as tied for first place in the industry.
NEWS | DEC 19, 2016|Huawei to Provide 4K UHD Platform for Altibox|Huawei will provide both the new TV platform as well as decoders for Norwegian operator Altibox. This is the first time that a complete 4K capable entertainment platform will be delivered by a single supplier anywhere in the world.
NEWS | DEC 16, 2016|Ooredoo and Huawei Marine Inaugurate National Submarine Cable in Maldives|Ooredoo Maldives and Huawei Marine today announced the inauguration of Ooredoos Nationwide Submarine Cable, an important investment by Ooredoo Maldives to strengthen its networks, as part of its commitment to power a Digital Maldives. Azleen Ahmed, Home Minister of Maldives, Wang Fukang, Chinese Ambassador to Maldives and more than 200 guests attended the event.
NEWS | DEC 16, 2016|Telia Norway and Huawei Announce First Commercial Solution for Narrowband Internet of Things in the Nordics|Telia Norway and Huawei today announced the first commercial Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) network in the Nordics and the first commercial smart agriculture solution worldwide based on NB-IoT technology.
NEWS | DEC 15, 2016|Huawei Celebrates 15th Anniversary in Spain|Huawei Spain celebrated its 15th anniversary in Spain, with an event at the Palacio de Cibeles in Madrid, to thank customers, partners and the industry as a whole for their trust and support.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2016|Huawei Moves Up to|‘Challenger’|in Gartner’s 2016 OSS Magic Quadrant|Huawei today announced that global market research group, Gartner, has recognized Huawei for steadily improving its execution capabilities as a Challenger in Gartners 2016 OSS Magic Quadrant.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2016|Huawei Aids MTN in Building Experience-Driven Mobile Backhaul Network in Nigeria|Huawei has announced that the African mobile networks operator MTN will use Huaweis IP RAN solution to fully upgrade their mobile backhaul network in Nigeria. The upgrade will enable MTN to provide 100 Mb/s mobile Internet access for users in Nigeria, greatly improving service experience for mobile users and promoting mobile broadband development in West Africa.
NEWS | DEC 12, 2016|Cambodia Prime Minister Hun Sen Met With Huawei Southeast Asia Region President David Sun|Cambodia Prime Minister Hun Sen met with Huawei Southeast Asia Region President David Sun in Peace Palace Phnom Penh. The two parties exchanged views about further cooperation for information communication technology (ICT) development in Cambodia.
NEWS | DEC 12, 2016|Huawei Releases X-Ethernet Wireline Technology for 5G|Huawei has released X-Ethernet technology for 5G bearer networks at the ITU-T 2020 FG Workshop and Demo Day Wireline Technology Enablers for 5G conference in Geneva, Switzerland. At the same time, Huawei proposed X-Ethernet for integrated fronthaul/backhaul networks, with deterministic low-latency and realizes end-to-end network slicing capability.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2016|BT and Huawei Embark on Pioneering 5G Research Partnership|Two of the worlds leading communications companies - BT and Huawei|have come together to lead the global development of 5G mobile technologies.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2016|Huawei and SimpliVity Join Forces to Deliver Game-Changing Hyperconvergence around the Globe and Accelerate International Growth|Huawei's FusionServer now supports SimpliVity's transformative OmniStack technology. This is a milestone in the two parties' efforts to deliver global customers with disruptive hyperconvergence solutions. OmniStack with Huawei FusionServer is offered on SimpliVitys all-flash hyperconverged models, providing the speed and reliability of all-flash with the efficiency, ease of use, and resiliency of SimpliVitys hyperconverged platform.
NEWS | DEC 07, 2016|Huawei Named as|Major Player in Global Desktop Virtualization Sector|IDC, a global market research, analysis, and advisory service provider, has named Huawei with its desktop virtualization solution, FusionAccess, as a major player in the global desktop virtualization sector in its latest IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Virtual Client Computing Software 2016 Vendor Assessment report.
NEWS | DEC 06, 2016|Strategy White Paper Reflects Increasing Competitiveness of Huawei Hyper-Converged Infrastructure|Huawei and IDC have released Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Strategy White Paper at the joint Huawei-Intel hyper-converged technical forum recently. This paper discussed trends in hyper-converged strategy (HCI) technology and shared the latest developments. The forum witnessed the exchange of applied experiences of nearly a hundred HCI experts and user representatives, with the collective aim of promoting advances in the field.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2016|Huawei's SEE Becomes International Standard After ITU Approval|Huaweis Site Energy Efficiency (SEE) proposal has won approval by the International Telecom Union (ITU) and has been installed as ITU-T L.1350: Energy Efficiency Metrics of Base Station Site an official international standard for the field of telecom energy.
NEWS | DEC 05, 2016|Huawei Holds First Talent Summit in London: Global Talent for an Open ICT Ecosystem|On 2nd December, Huawei hosted its first Talent Summit at the iconic Shard tower in London. At the event, Huawei representatives set out the company's human resources philosophy and strategy to over 130 top talent, scientists, and professionals from the areas of finance and technology in the UK, France, and Germany.
NEWS | DEC 02, 2016|The Fifth China OpenStack Bug Smash Hosted in Shenzhen, Demonstrating China's Open source Technical Strength|Intel, Huawei, and China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI) jointly hosted the fifth China OpenStack Bug Smash in Shenzhen from November 30 to December 2, 2016.
NEWS | DEC 02, 2016|Current Analysis Ranks Huawei as Leader in SBC|Current Analysis, a global market intelligence group that covers IT and telecoms, has released its latest assessment of Session Border Controller (SBC) models and ranked Huaweis SessionEngine2900 (SE2900) as tied for first place in the "leader" category. The report marks the third year in a row that Current Analysis has ranked Huaweis SBC as tied for first place in the industry.
NEWS | DEC 02, 2016|Huawei Launches the World's First Commercial 4G IPTV Service with LRTC|Huawei recently launched the world's first commercial IPTV service based on the 4G fixed LTE network solution Wireless To The X (WTTx) with LRTC (European leading telecom operator in Lithuania). This launch will provide fast access broadband services to additional households for the enjoyment of a high-quality video experience.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2016|Authoritative White Paper Shows How Active-Active Data Centers Help Enterprises to Safeguard Business Continuity|Huawei and IDC have released a white paper titled, Active-Active Data Centers Help Enterprises to Safeguard Business Continuity in the Era of Digital Transformation. The authors surveyed 1300 enterprise customers, summarizing the concerns and requirements in their digital transformations. The paper also details the service continuity assurances of the Huawei HyperMetro gateway-free active-active array solution and the edge it provides enterprises in their digital transformations.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2016|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei demonstrate world’s first 5G E2E autonomous network slicing|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei demonstrate yet another world first 5G technology with the addition of end-to-end autonomous behavior for 5G network slicing.The partners previously demonstrated the worlds first end-to-end 5G system to validate network slicing technology for diverse 5G use case demands. Building on that software defined foundation, this autonomous end-to-end network slicing implementation adds dynamic and real-time slicing of the 5G Radio Access network (RAN) and Data Center (DC), as well the interconnecting transmission network. The demo, conducted in Deutsche Telekoms 5G:haus lab based in Bonn, Germany, shows how different network slices can be created automatically in an optimized way on a shared RAN, Core and transport network. This allows slices creation in sub-minutes time while ensuring an efficient and intelligent allocation and re-allocation of resources as required for each individual slice.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2016|Huawei Achieves Major Breakthrough in Graphene-Assisted High Temperature Li-ion Batteries|Huawei announced a major breakthrough in its research into Li-ion batteries, unveiling the world's first long-lifespan graphene-assisted Li-ion battery able to withstand high temperatures. The announcement was made by Watt Laboratory, an organization under Huawei's Central Research Institute, at the 57th Battery Symposium held in Japan.
NEWS | NOV 30, 2016|Edge Computing Consortium is Established to Deepen Digital Transformation|Today, the Edge Computing Consortium (ECC) was officially established in Beijing, China. This initiative was jointly created by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Shenyang Institute of Automation of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), Intel Corporation, ARM, and iSoftStone.
NEWS | NOV 30, 2016|Huawei Showcases the Power of its High-Speed Massive MIMO Technology|Huawei showcased the power of its high-speed Massive MIMO technology, a key 5G technology, at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) held in the Makuhari Messe convention center in Tokyo, by achieving an average cell throughput of 400Mbps, 10 times faster than LTE under busy network conditions.
NEWS | NOV 30, 2016|Huawei Joins Hands with LG U+ to Complete 5G Full-Scenario Test|Huawei and LG U+ (a leading telecom operator in Korea) have announced the completion of a series of joint tests based on three 5G commercial scenarios: enhanced mobile broadband (eMBB), uRLLC, and mMTC. According to the test results, the cell peak rate reached 31 Gbps, latency was less than 0.5 ms, and mMTC single-cell massive connections. These facts imply that the two partners have verified and studied live 5G technical performances during the test, which is a great step forward for 5G commercial deployment.
NEWS | NOV 29, 2016|Huawei's Latest AAU Products Enable Amazing MBB Networks|At the 2016 Global MBB Forum, Huawei released its latest active antenna unit (AAU) products to proactively help operators satisfy MBB network requirements in diverse application scenarios. These AAU products include the large-capacity Massive MIMO AAU, Easy Macro2.0 for agile site deployment, and highly-integrated multiband AAU, which supports up to seven frequency bands and four radio access technologies (RATs).
NEWS | NOV 28, 2016|Huawei Announces Establishment of the Computing Innovation Openlab|Huawei today announced the official establishment of its Computing Innovation Openlab. Dedicated to enabling computing innovation and transformation in the cloud computing and Big Data era, the Computing Innovation Openlab is a joint effort between Huawei and its partners to build a mission-critical platform for the industry ecosystem. The Openlab will advance the design, optimization, and delivery capabilities of joint solutions based on the Huawei KunLun Mission Critical Server. It will enable Huawei and its partners to provide solutions and services that drive better productivity for industry customers. The venture has now attracted over 20 partners, among them Intel, SAP, Oracle, Nantian, HAND, and United VARs, to name but a few.
NEWS | NOV 26, 2016|Huawei Releases 4.5G & 5G-oriented Antenna Solution|At the 2016 Global MBB Forum, Huawei released its 4.5G|5G-oriented antenna solutions, including the FDD/TDD Converged Antenna, GDP+ series antennas, 3D Hexa-beam antenna and Digital Antenna System. The modern antenna system features maximized network efficiency, simplified site structure, and efficient OM, which promises to become the future-oriented evolution trend of MBB networks.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Showcases 2Gbps Mobile Speeds with EE|Huawei has partnered with EE this week to announce the successful live demonstration of 2.1Gbps mobile speeds, working with EE in their state-of-the-art UK test lab.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Releases WTTx 2.0 Unlocking the Potential of the Wireless HBB Market|Huawei today released its wireless HBB (Home Broadband) solution called WTTx 2.0 at the 2016 Global MBB Forum.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Introduces ‘TechCity 2.0’ to Drive a Better Connected World|At the 2016 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei officially outlined the new concept of TechCity 2.0, stimulating a new level of cooperation with telecom operators all around the world.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Launches New Generation Indoor Mobile Broadband Solution - LampSite3.0|Huawei launched its new generation indoor mobile broadband solution, LampSite 3.0 at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) in Tokyo to help operators and enterprises accelerate digital transformation and build a new indoor digital economy.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Launches First Systematic Methodology for IoT Network Planning|Huawei has released the mobile communications industry's first systematic metrics for the connection experience of Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Launched at the 2016 Global MBB Forum in Tokyo, the Things Coverage methodology includes an approach to evaluating the quality of an IoT network, and the first system for planning mobile networks that must serve things as well as people. It provides a set of quantitative standards which can serve as reference for the entire IoT ecosystem, from telecom operators and device makers to users. Coordination across the ecosystem will help operators roll out their networks fast maximize the value of the IoT.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Officially Releases 4.5G Evolution Concept|At the 4.5G Network Development Summit during the 2016 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, Huawei announced its new "4.5G Evolution" concept. As an enhancement to 4.5G, the new concept helps telecom operators build a future-oriented network with higher capabilities to expand their businesses and meet user demand for fast and reliable mobile broadband services. In his speech entitled "4.5G Evolution, Leading Today's Success", Bob Cai, Head of Huawei LTE FDD Product Line, noted that 4.5G Evolution maximizes the capacity of existing networks and enables future-oriented evolution through three core areas: Go Giga, Go Vertical, and Go Cloudification.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei Unveils Vision for All Cloud Mobile Networks|At the 2016 Global Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF) in Tokyo today, the President of Huawei Wireless Solution, Edward Deng, described an integrated suite of solutions to enable the full cloudification of wireless networks. The company calls this solution ERA, signaling the arrival of the mobile cloud era. ERA includes three integrated solutions: one for cloud-based core networks (CloudEdge), cloud-based radio access networks (CloudRAN), and cloud-based air interface (CloudAIR).
NEWS | NOV 25, 2016|Huawei and Orange Inaugurate Global Network Operation Center (GNOC) in Dakar and Abidjan|Huawei and Orange Group inaugurated a Global Network Operation Center (GNOC) with sites in Dakar, Senegal and Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, which is part of a five-year managed services project begun in 2015. The GNOC covers nine countries in Africa including Cte d'Ivoire, Senegal, Cameroon, and Guinea Bissau.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2016|Huawei Rotating CEO Ken Hu Announces X Labs for Mobile Broadband Research|More than 1,500 telecom and vertical leaders, analysts, and media gathered today at the Makuhari Messe convention center in Tokyo, Japan for the seventh annual Mobile Broadband Forum (MBBF), jointly hosted by Huawei, GSMA, and GTI. During his keynote on three unprecedented development opportunities that await telecom operators in video, household, and vertical markets, Ken Hu, Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO of Huawei, called upon operators to build application-centric networks and help establish an open ecosystem. In support of these efforts, he announced X Labs, a new research platform that will bring together operators, technology providers, and vertical industry partners to jointly explore future use cases for mobile applications, drive innovation in business and technology, and promote an open industry ecosystem.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2016|Huawei Showcases 5G and LTE Dual Connectivity in Live Demo with 4K Video|At the 2016 Global MBBF (Mobile Broadband Forum), Huawei displayed a 5G and LTE Dual Connectivity live demo with a 4K video on-demand service. The demo is based on CloudRANTM architecture with a 21Gbps single user peak throughput achieved.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2016|Huawei's Ryan Ding: Countdown to 5G Starts Now|Ryan Ding, Executive Director and President of Products|Solutions at Huawei, has called for the telecom industry to begin preparing for 5G. Speaking at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum in Tokyo, Ding encouraged all telecom operators to focus their preparations on three areas: infrastructure, operations, and ecosystem development.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2016|Huawei Wins Leadership Award at IoT World 2016|In recognition of their extraordinary performance in the IoT space in 2016, Huawei was the sole recipient of the Leadership Within the IoT Market award at the IoT World 2016 forum, which is run by Informa.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2016|Turkcell and Huawei Demonstrate 4.5G LiTRA Application|Turkcell in cooperation with Huawei, has successfully demonstrated the first LiTRA (LTE integrated Trunked Radio) application in Turkey based on its 4.5G network|one of the worlds leading 4.5G networks.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2016|CERN selects T-Systems and Huawei for European Hybrid Cloud to Serve 10 leading public research organizations|T-Systems has been awarded a frame contract for a joint Pre-Commercial Procurement (PCP), led by CERN, that covers the design, prototyping and pilot phase of the Helix Nebula Science Cloud. T-Systems, supported by its technology partner Huawei, will develop a solution based on its Open Telekom Cloud public cloud service launched in March 2016 and which currently supports workloads from various leading enterprises, SMEs and public sector organizations.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2016|China Telecom Shanghai and Huawei Successfully Apply Network Slicing Solution|China Telecom Shanghai and Huawei announced the successful application of their access network slicing solution at a trial site. The solution involves the slicing of the access network to connect home, enterprise, and campus, improving overall network utilization, new service provisioning rates, and network security and reliability. The new solution will enable operators to use a single network to deliver all types of services.
NEWS | NOV 22, 2016|Huawei Joins MulteFire Alliance to Promote Development of Private LTE Enterprise Networks on Unlicensed Spectrum|Huawei, a leading global ICT solution provider, recently announced it has joined the MulteFire Alliance, an independent organization dedicated to the promotion and development of MulteFire technology. MulteFire is an LTE-based next-generation cellular communications technology that operates only on unlicensed spectrum and focuses specifically on enterprise broadband access and IoT markets.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2016|China Mobile and Huawei Launch FDD/TDD Converged Antenna Solution|China Mobile and Huawei recently unveiled the co-developed FDD/TDD Converged Antenna solution, complete with a series of pilot tests conducted in multiple cities in China. This innovative solution enables a single antenna to support all LTE TDD and FDD frequency bands used by China Mobile. Reducing the number of required antennas per site helps lower installation difficulty and enhance network performance and OM efficiency, enabling China Mobile to deploy high-quality networks.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2016|MTN and Huawei Launched the first NB-IoT solution in Africa|Today, MTN and Huawei jointly launched the Smart Water Metering solution, the first Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) solution in Africa. The solution is designed to help MTNdevelop their NB-IoT services to explore new markets.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2016|Double Deck, Breakthrough for LTE Flexible Bandwidth Network|Like air and people, water and fish, for wireless telecommunication, spectrum is the most precious resource for operators. Double Deck, Huaweis new innovative solution for LTE flexible bandwidth network, could help operators to deploy LTE network with the existing scattered spectrum resources more sufficiently. The operators ROI (Return on Investment) is maximized, and the 4.5G network evolution is accelerated more quickly.
NEWS | NOV 21, 2016|Telefónica and Huawei Complete World’s First Proof-of-Concept Test for 5G UCNC Radio Access Networks|Telefnica and Huawei have achieved a new milestone with the worlds first PoC (proof-of-concept) 5G UCNC (user centric and no cell) RAN (radio access network) architecture, tested in their 5G Joint Innovation Lab.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2016|Huawei Joins Partnership to Promote Interoperability and Financial Inclusion at Scale|Huawei announced today that it will be one of the first major partners of the Bill|Melinda Gates Foundations (Gates Foundation) initiative the Level One Project. The initiative is focused on developing and deploying digital financial services that serve customers at all levels of the financial pyramid. These scalable, low-cost, interoperable and fraud resistant payment systems will be based on open Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and help people in the worlds poorest regions improve their lives and build sustainable futures by connecting them with digitally based financial tools and services.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2016|Huawei’s Leading New ICT Powers Smart City Development|Huawei today announced that its Smart City solutions have enabled customers all over the world to deliver advanced citizen-centric services that enrich peoples lives, accelerate economic growth and create sustainable communities; and one of Huaweis enabled solutions, by MicroClinic Technologies from Kenya, has won the "Innovative Global South Award" from the prestigious World Smart City Awards. Among the over 250 smart city project entries, three Huawei enabled projects in Kenya and China were nominated - MicroClinic Technologies, Dunhuang Smart Tourism Company (DSTC) and The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University (FAHZU)|highlighting their significant achievements in transforming their cities and delivering high quality services to their citizens.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2016|Huawei and China Telecom Promote NB-IoT-based Smart Gas Application in Shenzhen|Huawei signed a NB-IoT smart gas cooperation agreement with companies, including Shenzhen Gas and China Telecom Shenzhen, to promote the NB-IoT application in smart gas. It is target to set up a benchmark for such NB-IoT-based applications in the gas industry.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2016|Huawei Marine Networks Successfully Deliver Avassa Submarine Cable Project|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), today announced that it successfully delivered the Avassa submarine cable system. This will be the 10th submarine cable project that Huawei Marine has been involved with in Africa.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2016|TBR and Huawei Jointly Release White Paper on Maintenance Evolution and NFV Assurance|TBR, a leading technology consulting firm and Huawei have released a white paper on Network Maintenance Evolution and Best Practices for NFV Assurance. The white paper points out that the growing adoption of NFV architecture by service providers will require new approaches to network maintenance.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2016|Huawei Partners with ANSYS to Build Industrial CAE Solutions|At Supercomputing Conference 2016, Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, announced its partnership with ANSYS, (NASDAQ:ANSS), a global leader in engineering simulation software, to build industrial computer aided engineering (CAE) solutions.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2016|Connectivity, Digital Services and Applications focus for Africa’s ICT Development says Huawei|Huawei ICT experts atAfricaCom, which is billed as a business and technology incubator for the architects of Africas digital future, said that the companys focus on the continent is to accerlerate the proliferation of digital services there. The companys theme at the conference is Building a Better Connected Africa.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2016|MTN and China Mobile (Zhejiang) win Global Telecom Awards|Nigerian and South African mobile operator MTN and China Mobile (Zhejiang) have been named winners of prestigious Global Telecoms Awards (GLOTEL) by Telecoms.com and Informa. (The projects exemplify how Huawei is enabling CSPs digital business transformation. The annual Global Telecoms (GLOTEL) Awards recognize innovation and excellence in the global telecoms industry and are open to any company operating in the telecoms industry worldwide.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2016|Huawei Defines Digitalization and Broadband as the New Power for a New Africa|With a theme of digital transformation, economic development and social empowerment, AfricaCom 2016 kicked off in South Africa this week, with Huawei reiterating its belief that digitalization and broadband are the new power for a new Africa.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2016|Huawei Launches New-Generation HPC Platform FusionServer X6000 at SC16|Huawei launched a new-generation high-performance computing (HPC) platform, the FusionServer X6000, at the Supercomputing Conference 2016 (SC16).
NEWS | NOV 16, 2016|Huawei Releases GU@5MHz Solution to Deploy GSM&UMTS Networks Using 5 MHz|Huawei has announced the release of the GU@5MHz solution, which allows the deployment of GSMUMTS (GU) networks using just 5 MHz of bandwidth. This solution makes it possible for operators with limited spectrum resources to provide universal mobile broadband (MBB) services on U900 networks.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2016|Huawei and DOCOMO Conduct World’s First 5G Large Scale Field Trial in the 4.5 GHz Band|Huawei announced today the worlds first 5G large-scale field trial in the 4.5 GHz band using new numerology and frame structure complying with 3GPP 5G New Radio (NR) current agreements. In the trial jointly conducted with NTT DOCOMO, Inc., 11.29 Gbps total user throughput and less than 0.5 millisecond one way user plane latency were achieved in the macro cell coverage of a real urban application scenario in Yokohama, Japan. This leading-edge breakthrough is of foundational importance to shape the future of 5G and a milestone of the two companies joint efforts on 5G field trials.
NEWS | NOV 16, 2016|Huawei and Janz CE Announce the First Smart Electrical Energy Meter Based on NB-IOT|The first electrical energy smart meter, using 4.5G NB-IoT communication technology, has been successfully tested. This pioneering project, will be demoed by the end of this year at the Parque das Naes, in Lisbon, as part of the Horizon 2020 UPGRID project. The official presentation of the smart meter will be made at European Utility Week, between the 15th and the 17th of November in Barcelona.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2016|Government Policy to Drive Broadband, Digital Economy for a Flourishing Asia-Pacific|ITU Telecom World 2016 is in its second day today. Huawei and the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) jointly hosted the first Asia Pacific Exchange on Broadband Regulation and Policy. They also released the White Paper on Broadband Regulation and Policy in Asia-Pacific Region: Facilitating Faster Broadband Deployment. Speakers at the exchange called for more comprehensive broadband policies to guide development and speed the rollout of national broadband networks, as the basis for growth in the digital economy.
NEWS | NOV 15, 2016|Huawei Unveils Strategy and Showcases New ICT Solutions at Smart City Expo World Congress 2016|Huawei today shared its strategy and latest technologies for Smart City transformation at the Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) 2016 held from November 15 to 17, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain. Huaweis strategy centers on providing leading new ICT across cloud-pipe-device to enable governments and industries to deliver advanced citizen-centric services that enrich peoples lives, drive economic growth and create sustainable communities. At SCEWC, the company introduced core ICT solutions designed to accelerate the development of smart cities, including: its Intelligent Operation Center (IOC) powered by cloud and big data; city management solutions based on Internet of Things (IoT); and advanced public service solutions developed in collaboration with global partners.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2016|Huawei Innovation Enables the Digital Economy at ITU Telecom World 2016|ITU Telecom World 2016 opened today in Bangkok, capital of Thailand. Huawei's exhibition space this year has the theme "Enabler of the Digital Economy, Building a Better Connected World", and the company is presenting some of its latest ideas and experiences in cloud, national broadband networks, ultra-fast wireless communications, and smart devices. Huawei is encouraging countries around the world to make their ICT regulation more comprehensive but less restrictive. It says every country should be building more digital infrastructure to fuel a high quality economic transformation and long-term, sustainable growth.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2016|China Mobile Hong Kong and Huawei join forces to mark 4.5G Mobile Network Milestone|China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited (CMHK) and Huawei today jointly announced that CMHK has achieved a 4.5G mobile network milestone. In addition, CMHK also noted that it has rolled out three major network enhancements this year, aimed at strengthening its network coverage; optimizing network quality in MTR areas and creating an exceptional mobile network experience through its latest network technology.
NEWS | NOV 14, 2016|Industry Omni-channel Management Alliance formed at the Open ROADS Community London Meeting|The inaugural Industry Omni-channel Management Alliance met and formally announced its creation at the Open ROADS (Real-time, On-demand, All-online, Do-It-Yourself, and Social) Community London Meeting. The Open ROADS Community initiative powered by Huawei, was first launched at the Mobile World Congress in February at Barcelona and then held its Inaugural Meeting in June at Singapore. The Open ROADS Community addresses the challenges which telcos and related digital service providers face when attempting to transform to digital business operations.
NEWS | NOV 11, 2016|Huawei Win ‘Cloud Journey of the Year’ Award at Datacenter Dynamics Asia Pacific Awards 2016|Huawei won the Cloud Journey of the Year award at the Datacenter Dynamics Asia Pacific Awards 2016. The achievement was celebrated at a gala dinner on November 9 in Hong Kong.
NEWS | NOV 10, 2016|Huawei Receives Frost & Sullivan Leadership Award for Videoconferencing Endpoints and Infrastructure Growth|Huawei today announced it has received the Frost|Sullivan 2016 EMEA Video Conferencing Endpoints and Infrastructure Growth Excellence Leadership Award, based on Frost|Sullivans analysis of the videoconferencing market. Presented at an awards ceremony held in Paris, France on November 9, 2016, the award recognizes Huaweis market leadership, technology and solution innovation, and customer value in the videoconferencing industry.
NEWS | NOV 10, 2016|Huawei Wins "2016 Modular UPS Company of the Year Award"|Frost|Sullivan presented the "2016 Company of the Year Award" to Huawei at the grand award ceremony in Paris in recognition of Huawei's product innovation, industry leadership, and outstanding contributions to the sustainable development of the modular UPS industry. This is the second time this year that Huawei has claimed industry honors. Huawei previously won the Platinum Award at DataCenter Insiders IT Awards 2016 in Germany.
NEWS | NOV 09, 2016|Huawei UPS Wins 2016 Platinum Award in IT from|Data Center Insider|Huawei today announced it has been honored with a Platinum Award at the IT Awards 2016|Readers' Choice Awards in the UPS and PDU category, held by Vogel IT Media, a top German media agency.
NEWS | NOV 09, 2016|Six Huawei Employees Win Individual Contribution Awards for World's First Open-Source SDN/NFV Orchestrator|Six Huawei employees have been recognized for their outstanding contributions to the Sun and OPEN-O community in 2016 following the launch of the first end-to-end (E2E) open-source orchestrator OPEN-O Sun at the Metropolitan Ethernet Forum (MEF).
NEWS | NOV 09, 2016|Huawei Publishes White Paper on VR-Oriented Bearer Network Requirements|Huawei has announced the release of its White Paper on VR-Oriented Bearer Network Requirements (referred to as "white paper") to address the increasing demand for Virtual Reality (VR) services and the implications for telecommunication operators.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2016|China Mobile Launched World's First Commercial Wideband Massive MIMO|On November 4, 2016, China Mobile Shanghai Branch and Huawei jointly deployed the world's first wideband Massive MIMO site. This is another key milestone delivered after the world's first Massive MIMO solution was launched in Shanghai in September 2015. An achievement marking a great leap forward for large-scale commercial Massive MIMO technology and the beginning of a planned series of events outlined in the timetable for 5G large-bandwidth evolution. This solution has significantly improved single site capability in the 4G era indicated by a 5-fold increase, achieving 5-6 Giga capability of a single site.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2016|Huawei Demonstrates OPEN-O Sun at|Operations Transformation Forum|Huawei demonstrated the OPEN-O Sun, the worlds first Open Source SDN and NFV Orchestrator, at the Operations Transformation Forum 2016 in Wuzhen, China. The forum brought together industry leaders from around the world to discuss the transformation of digital operations and share best practices. Helen Chen, leader of the OPEN-O Integration Project noted that the OPEN-O Orchestrator will soon be commercially available.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2016|Huawei Empowers Smarter Energy through Leading New ICT|Huawei held its Global Energy Summit 2016 on November 6, 2016 in Abu Dhabi, a day ahead of the opening of the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC) 2016, the world's most influential oil and gas exhibition and conference. 300 customers, partners, senior experts, and industry analysts of the oil and gas sector from around the world attended the Summit. The participants engaged in discussions around the theme of "Leading New ICT, Empowering Smarter Energy", with a focus on how to accelerate the development of smart technologies for the energy industry so as to reduce investment costs and optimize production.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2016|Telecom Personal, Deploy Huawei's Easy Macro Solution for Superb User Experience at Personal Fest in Argentina|Together with Huawei, Argentine leading telecom operator Telecom Personal deployed the Easy Macro based heavy traffic solution at the annual Personal Fest music festival. This event attracted more than 50,000 fans from all over the world, and festivalgoers were provided with a premium mobile broadband user experience, particularly for live high-definition (HD) video streaming services.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2016|Huawei Jointly Completes the Launch of a Cloud Ready Data Center with UAE's Largest Offshore Oil Producer ADMA-OPCO|Huawei and the Abu Dhabi Marine Operating Company (ADMA-OPCO), a major producer of oil and gas from the offshore areas of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, today jointly announced that ADMA-OPCOs Cloud Ready Data Center is now fully operational at the Huawei Global Energy Summit 2016 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE). The Cloud Ready Data Center is expected to help ADMA-OPCO address the needs of long-distance transmission and processing of a massive volume of data during offshore oil exploration and production. The Cloud Ready Data Center will also enhance the security of critical business data and applications for ADMA-OPCO.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2016|Huawei Rotating CEO, Ken Hu: Cross-Domain Integration Essential to Industry 4.0|At the 15th Asia-Pacific Conference of German Business (APK 2016), Huawei Rotating CEO and Deputy Chairman of the Board Ken Hu spoke on the current state of Industry 4.0, urging his audience of global business, technology, and government leaders to work more closely together to identify and agree on the fundamental capabilities that will drive its development.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2016|Huawei Joins Intel Security Innovation Alliance To Defend Customers Against Security Threats|Huawei today announced they have joined the Intel Security Innovation Alliance, the premiere Intel Security technology partnering program. As the first Intel Security Innovation Alliance partner in the China market, Huawei plans to collaborate with Intel Security to provide joint solutions that defend against advanced persistent threats (APT) around the world, helping customers find and remove advanced malicious threats, and keep business continuity.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2016|Huawei Wins the Cloud Innovation of the Year Award at 2016 Telecoms Awards Ceremony|Huawei won the Cloud Innovation of the Year award at the 2016 Telecoms Awards Ceremony in London for Operation Web Services (OWS). The award represents Huaweis achievements in software defined operation research to enable ICT Managed Services. This follows on from Huawei winning the Best Managed Services Innovation Award at Managed Services World Congress 2016.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2016|Huawei Innovation Research Program Helps Convert Innovation into Tangible Value|Today at Huawei Innovation Day Asia-Pacific, Huawei provided an update on developments in its Huawei Innovation Research Program (HIRP). The program is designed to promote partnerships with leading universities worldwide. To date, the program has involved over 300 universities in more than 20 countries, and sponsored over 1,200 innovation research projects around the world.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2016|Huawei Releases New Video Solution ‘Huawei Envision’, Promoting Hybrid Video Transformation|At today's Operations Transformation Forum 2016, Huawei released its new hybrid video solution Huawei Envision, which assists carriers in developing video as a fundamental service and helps them achieve success.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2016|Huawei Named as a Leader in 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for General-Purpose Disk Arrays|Gartner, the world's foremost authority on IT research and advisory, has released its 2016 Magic Quadrant for General-Purpose Disk Arrays report in which Huawei was named as a leader.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2016|Huawei Builds Global OpenLabs to Innovate with Industry Partners|Huawei hosted the Huawei Innovation Day Asia-Pacific on November 2, 2016 under the theme of The Brilliance of Exploration. This event brought together representatives from the industry, academia, governments and research institutes.
NEWS | NOV 02, 2016|Operations Transformation Forum 2016 Held in Wuzhen, China|The three-day Operations Transformation Forum 2016 (OTF) opened today in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province, China. The forum brings together over 600 thought leaders and technology experts from global operators, standards organizations, media and analyst firms, and Huawei partners.
NEWS | NOV 02, 2016|Industry, Academia and Government Join Hands to Explore the Intelligent World at Huawei Innovation Day Asia-Pacific|Huawei today co-hosted the Huawei Innovation Day Asia-Pacific in cooperation with the Committee for Sydney and the Australian Technology Network of Universities (ATN).
NEWS | NOV 02, 2016|Huawei releases CloudVPN Integration Service Solution in Wuzhen, China|At the Operations Transformation Forum, Huawei released CloudVPN Integration Service Solution. This solution resolves problems in enterprise leased line services that have affected carriers, such as slow provisioning, lack of services, and difficult operation. By integrating a variety of value-added services, combining cloud, leased line, and value-added services, operators can provide enterprises with one-stop CloudVPN. The solution can quickly meet enterprise ICT service needs. It effectively helps carriers increase revenue in the enterprise leased line market and achieves commercial success in the B2B market.
NEWS | NOV 01, 2016|Huawei to Explore the Future of Better Smart Cities with Leading New ICT at SCEWC 2016|The 6th Smart City Expo World Congress (SCEWC) will be held in Barcelona, Spain, from November 15 to 17, 2016. Huawei will attend SCEWC 2016 under the theme of Leading New ICT, Building Better Smart Cities, and hold its global Smart City Summit on November 15. This Summit will provide an excellent platform for global thought leaders, industry experts, and customers from different sectors to discuss challenges in constructing Smart Cities and share best practices in the areas of urban operations, Internet of Things (IoT), and public information services. The Government of China, the guest of honor of SCEWC 2016, has invited Huawei to share its insights in Smart City development and its global success stories at the China Smart City Forum. Huawei also will demonstrate Chinas best practices and innovation together with various cities at the guest of honor booth.
NEWS | NOV 01, 2016|Huawei NB-IoT Solution Wins Gold Medal at World Internet of Things Exposition|Huaweis NB-IoT solution has won the gold medal for new technologies and products at the 2016 World Internet of Things Exposition (WIOT) in Wuxi, China October 30|November 1, 2016. Huawei is the first company to win a significant award in the narrowband cellular IoT field, for its industrial contribution to the NB-IoT technologies with continuous innovation. Huawei has conducted lab and field tests with a number of world's top carriers, and the overall test results meet or even exceed the requirements stipulated by the 3GPP specifications. The gold medal represents the fact that Huaweis industry-leading NB-IoT solution has received high recognition from the IoT industry and also improves industry confidence in the rapid development of the NB-IoT industry chain.
NEWS | OCT 31, 2016|Huawei Helped Deutsche Telekom’s Open Telekom Cloud Pass OpenStack Interoperability Tests|Recently, Deutsche Telekoms Open Telekom Cloud, which is engineered by Huawei and operated by T-Systems (the business customer arm of Deutsche Telekom) and technically based on Huawei FusionSphere, passed the OpenStack Interop Working Group tests, making it a platform officially recognized as OpenStack Powered.
NEWS | OCT 29, 2016|Huawei announces new partnerships at Huawei eco-Connect Europe 2016|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, has announced a number of partnerships at Huawei eco-Connect Europe 2016. The new collaborations will support Huaweis product portfolio to ensure customers across Europe become agile and flexible.
NEWS | OCT 28, 2016|An Open SDN/NFV Ecosystem Accelerating Network Cloudification|Huawei and over 20 SDN/NFV partners attended the recent Huawei eco-Connect Europe in Paris. Huawei demonstrated the latest achievements of its SDN/NFV Open ecosystem, multi-vendor integration capabilities and innovative solutions. It was the also the first time that Huawei has fully demonstrated its ecosystem capabilities in Western Europe.
NEWS | OCT 28, 2016|Huawei Teams with Intel to Accelerate Adoption of Private Cloud Infrastructure for the Enterprise|Huawei announced it will collaborate with Intel to optimize FusionSphere, Huaweis OpenStack-based cloud operating system. The announcement at the OpenStack Summit in Barcelona, noted that the aim of the collaboration is to take full advantage of Intel Architecture, to deliver improved performance and security capability for FusionSphere-based solutions.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2016|Huawei NB-IoT Solution to be Commercialized on a Large Scale from early 2017|During Huawei eco-CONNECT Europe 2016 conference held in Paris between,Huawei announced that the large-scale commercialization of its end-to-end Narrow-band Internet of Things (NB-IoT) solution will take place from the beginning of 2017. The NB-IoT solution will help global operators expand their IoT services into new markets. At the conference, Huawei showcased its IoT strategy as well as IoT industry applications and innovations, and also offered insight into how it worked with its partners to jointly build an IoT ecosystem|including sharing network capabilities with these partners, setting up IoT open labs and promoting the development of IoT standards. By working with global partners, Huawei aims to boost social and economic productivity.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2016|Building the OpenStack Ecosystem by Embracing Open Source and Contributing to the Open Source Community|The 14th OpenStack Summit is currently being held in Barcelona, from October 25-28. Huawei jointly explored and discussed OpenStack technological trends with business leaders, technical experts, and developers from all over the world at the summit.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2016|Huawei Participate in CMA Summit Forum 2016 to Promote the Prosperity and Development of the Industry|Huawei participated in the CMA Summit Forum 2016 held in Beijing on October 25. The Cloud Mitigation Alliance (CMA) was established in 2015 to call for global partners to defend against cloud-based network attacks, such as Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2016|Huawei Announces Network Mind Research Results Aimed at Achieving Network Control Automation|The Noah's Ark Laboratory of Huawei today announced its research results in relation to Network Mind, the world's first prototype to apply machine learning to achieve intelligent, automated network traffic control through automatic detection and accurate prediction of traffic changes.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2016|Vodacom and Huawei Jointly Fulfill DC-HSUPA Whole-Network Deployment to Deliver Superb 3G Experience|Vodacom, a leading African telecom operator, and Huawei jointly achieved whole-network deployment of a Dual-Carrier High-Speed Uplink Packet Access (DC-HSUPA) solution in South Africa. DC-HSUPA offers an uplink peak rate twice as fast as single-carrier uplink peak rates on UMTS networks. A doubled peak rate puts Vodacom in a better position to deliver a superb mobile internet experience by combining advanced 4G networks with the fastest 3G networks.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2016|Vodacom and Huawei Jointly Fulfilled DC-HSUPA Whole-Network Deployment to Deliver Superb 3G Experience|Vodacom, a leading African telecom operator, and Huawei jointly achieved whole-network deployment of Dual-Carrier High-Speed Uplink Packet Access (DC-HSUPA) solution in South Africa. DC-HSUPA offers an uplink peak rate twice as much as single-carrier uplink peak rate on UMTS networks. A doubled peak rate puts Vodacom a better position to deliver a superb mobile internet experience by combining advanced 4G networks with the fastest 3G networks.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2016|Huawei FusionInsight-Universe Analytics Awarded ‘Best Telco Big Data Analytics Platform’|Today at the Telco Data Analytics Europe summit, Huaweis Big Data analytics platform (FusionInsight-Universe Analytics) won the Best Telco Big Data Analytics Platform award.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2016|Huawei Debuts at IoT Solutions World Congress 2016|Today, Huawei debuts at IoT Solutions World Congress 2016 (IoTSWC2016), which is being held in Barcelona on October 25-27, 2016. The IoTSWC2016 is the second edition of this global event dedicated exclusively to creating synergy between IoT providers and industry|and to help the industry use disruptive IoT technology to increase their productivity.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2016|Thailand’s True Collaborates with Huawei to Setup the World’s First Atom GPS Site to Address 4.5G Time Synchronization Challenges|True, the top operator in Thailand, and Huawei recently announced the use of Atom GPS to deliver high-precision time synchronization for 4.5G networks. This innovative time synchronization solution addresses the challenges in traditional GPS deployment, greatly saving the total cost of ownership (TCO), achieving network-wide anywhere clock synchronization, and greatly improving users' network experience.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2016|Huawei Shares New Research Results on Connected Car Security at ESORICS 2016|Huaweis Shield Lab has unveiled a layered vehicle security architecture at ESORICS (European Symposium on Research in Computer Security), a world leading security conference. Huawei released two new related security research results, and highlighted that, besides the priority of safety and concern for life, other important issues must be considered, including: system cybersecurity, ethics and other disciplines have to be considered carefully, to provide guidelines for autonomous driving.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2016|Dubai Airports and Huawei to Build World’s First Tier 3 Designed Modular Data Centre|Dubai Airports will partner with Huawei to design and build the worlds first Tier 3 certified Modular Data Centre Complex (MDCC) at Dubai International (DXB), it was announced recently.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2016|Huawei Unveils Supply Chain Cybersecurity Management Whitepaper and Showcases Latest Solutions at ISF 2016|Today, Huawei released its 2016 cybersecurity white paper The Global Cyber Security Challenge -- It is time for real progress in addressing supply chain risks at the Information Security Forum (ISF) held in Berlin from October 22 to 25.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2016|Huawei Unveils Supply Chain Cybersecurity Management Whitepaper and Showcases Latest Solutions at ISF 2016|Today, Huawei released its 2016 cybersecurity white paper The Global Cyber Security Challenge -- It is time for real progress in addressing supply chain risks at the Information Security Forum (ISF) held in Berlin from October 22 to 25.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2016|Huawei Spain and Orange Reach Download Speeds of More Than 1.5 Gbps on a 4.5G Network|Huawei Spain and Orange have surpassed download speeds of 1.5 Gbps on a 4G network, during tests in Valencia. This achievement has been obtained using Huaweis equipment integrated into the Orange 4.5G network. Specifically, Huawei has deployed a LTE solution based on the 3GPP LTE Advanced Pro standard. As seen in the image below, the average speed obtained was 1.54 Gbps.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2016|Huawei Release VR Ready Network Technology Solution and Prototype at VR & AR World 2016|VR|AR Network World 2016 took place in London last week. The event was sponsored by Huawei Network Technology Laboratory, and attracted the participation of leading experts in the Virtual Reality (VR) network industry, together with leading industry players, including Vodafone, British Telecom, Deutsche Telekom, Ericsson, Nokia, HTC, BBC, and CNN.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2016|Vodafone and Huawei Cooperate on Massive MIMO and Achieve Great Results|Vodafone UK and Huawei have successfully conducted the first trial of Massive MIMO (multiple-input multiple output) 2.6GHz TDD in Europe on Vodafones commercial network in Newbury, achieving great results in terms of spectrum efficiency and increases in network capacity.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2016|Huawei to Build Three Cloud Ecosystems in Europe and Launches European Developer Enablement Plan|Huawei eco-Connect Europe 2016 takes place in Paris, France on October 20th and 21st. During the event, together with over 80 partners and more than 1000 attendees, Huawei will talk about the three cloud ecosystems for operators, vertical industries and consumers. Huawei also launched its European Developer Enablement Plan, and confirmed its commitment to further investment for European developers.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2016|Telefonica and Huawei Win ‘Best Innovation in Virtualization’ Award at Broadband World Forum 2016|Telefonica and Huawei have won the Best Innovation in Virtualization award at the Broadband World Forum 2016 in London for their IP and Optical SDN network. The award was given for the industrys first commercial deployment of such a solution.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2016|Huawei MA5800 Access Platform Wins Best Fixed Broadband Innovation Award at Broadband World Forum 2016|Huawei today announced that its MA5800 access platform has won the Best Fixed Broadband Innovation award at the Broadband Awards, part of Broadband World Forum (BBWF) 2016. This award showcases Huaweis innovation in the fixed access domain, especially in broadband bandwidth, network quality and user experience.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2016|Huawei Releases Gigaband Network Development White Paper|Today, Huawei released its Gigaband Network Development White Paper at the Broadband World Forum (BBWF). This white paper is the industry's first guide for developing Gigaband networks with higher efficiency and lower cost. This is a new contribution that Huawei as a leader in the ultra-broadband industry has made for the development of global Gigaband industry and also proven its industry leadership.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2016|Huawei’s NG-fast Prototype Debuts at BBWF 2016|Huawei's NG-fast (next-generation G.fast) prototype debuted at the Broadband World Forum (BBWF) 2016. According to the test report from Huawei's FBB Innovation Lab, this prototype provides a bandwidth of 3.8 Gbps @ 50 meters and 2.4Gbps @70 meters over a single twisted pair. This development exemplifies Huawei's capability for continuous innovation in the DSL access field and also helps carriers worldwide further tap into the potential of their copper network resources.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2016|Huawei Releases Large-Capacity SuperVector Solution to Triple FTTC Site Speed|At this year's Broadband World Forum, Huawei released the industry's largest-capacity SuperVector solution through copper lines. This innovative solution enables a single device to support a maximum of 384 subscriber lines.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2016|TELUS Achieves Blazing-fast Results with Next Generation of Wireless Technology|As carriers around the world work towards developing the next generation of wireless technology, TELUS, Canada's fastest-growing national telecommunications company, and Huawei, one of the world's largest telecommunications and ICT (information and communications technology) suppliers are a step closer to the future after successfully achieving wireless speeds of 29.3 Gbps.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2016|Huawei Release CloudFAN Access Network Solution|At the Broadband World Forum 2016 held in London, Huawei announced the CloudFAN access network solution. Huawei also showcased its existing large-capacity distributed Optical Line Terminal (OLT) which supports open protocol and works with the network controller to achieve the smooth evolution of CloudFAN.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2016|China Mobile Hong Kong and Huawei Hong Kong Announce|Strategic Partnership for LTE-Advanced Pro Network|China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited (CMHK or the Company) and Huawei International Company Limited (or Huawei Hong Kong) announced a strategic partnership for establishing a LTE-Advanced Pro network. Leveraging Huaweis innovative network technology, CMHKs existing TD-LTE / LTE FDD converged network will be fully upgraded to a 4.5G network. CMHK, in collaboration with Huawei Hong Kong, is ambitious to create a milestone in 4.5G network and forge ahead towards the new era of 5G technology, further strengthening its competitive advantages by providing customers with an unparalleled mobile network experience.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2016|Huawei's Distributed Access Platform MA5800 Supports Batelco to Provide Ultra-broadband Services|Today, Huawei and Batelco jointly announced that Huawei's distributed access platform MA5800 will be adopted and used for broadband network deployment. Batelco is now able to support 500 Mbps broadband access, successfully providing ultra-broadband services for high-end users in the south of Bahrain. It is the first time that Huawei's MA5800 platform has been used for scaled network deployment in the Middle East.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2016|Huawei Certified as GSMA Mobile Connect Vendor|Huawei has been certified as a Mobile Connect Vendor for its Dynamic Subscriber Profile (DSP) product by GSMA. Huawei's cutting-edge DSP has successfully passed rigorous testing and is now listed on GSMA's official website as a Mobile Connect-compliant product.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2016|Huawei Hosts Safe City Summit in Africa to Showcase Industry Best Practices|Huawei, a global leading ICT solutions provider, hosted its Safe City Africa Summit and Kenya Showcase 2016 in Nairobi, Kenya from October 14-15, 2016, attracting more than 200 global customers, partners, experts, and industry analysts in the public safety sector. Entitled Leading New ICT, Making Cities Safer, the summit showcased Safe City best practices in cities like Nairobi and Mombasa, and gave attendees the latest insights on industry trends and opportunities in the new ICT era.
NEWS | OCT 17, 2016|Antenna Modernization Makes Paris Debut at 5th Annual Global Antenna and AAU Forum|The 5th Global Antenna and Active Antenna Units (AAU) Forum held in Paris, attracted more than 180 guests from global operators to third-party industry organizations with the main theme of Antenna Modernization, Inspiring the Giga Mobile Evolution.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2016|Huawei Unveils ‘Cloud Network Synergy’ Whitepaper at Open Cloud Forum|During the Huawei Open Cloud Forum 2016, Huawei unveiled its Cloud Network Synergy|whitepaper, detailing the steps needed to build Experience-Centric B2B Cloud Services. Based on the detailed analysis of several typical enterprise application scenarios, the whitepaper concludes that telcos will become leaders in the B2B cloud service market due to their unique advantages in cloud network collaboration.
NEWS | OCT 13, 2016|5G: Huawei and Vodafone Test High and Low Frequency Bands for Dense Urban City Scenarios|Huawei announces that working with Vodafone it has successfully tested 5G mobile connectivity using high and low frequency bands. The companies have demonstrated 1.5 kilometers cell coverage in the lower C-Band and 5Gbps peak throughput for a single user in the high band. It is the worlds first 5G large scale mobility field test of macro coverage in dense urban city scenarios.
NEWS | OCT 13, 2016|Huawei Launches the First 25G DOCSIS Prototype at SCTE Cable-Tec Expo|Huawei launched the industry's first DOCSIS prototype at SCTE Cable-Tec Expo 2016 in Philadelphia, USA. This prototype supports a 3 GHz spectrum and a 25 Gbps downstream rate. It also represents a new milestone for coaxial cable technologies and was the center of attention at the Expo.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2016|Huawei hosts ‘STEM Skills to STEM Careers’ breakfast|The Rt Hon Matt Hancock MP, Minister of State for Digital and Culture, today attended Huaweis STEM skills to STEM careers breakfast event to celebrate the success of Huaweis Seeds for the Future programme; Huawei UK Graduate Programme and the signing of an MoU with the British Council. Chen Lifang, Director of the Board and Senior Vice-President, hosted the breakfast event and was joined by Minister Zhu Qin from the Chinese Embassy to the UK, and Lord Browne, Chairman of Huawei UK.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2016|Huawei expands Irish footprint with new Dublin office|Huawei has today officially opened the new Dublin Huawei office as part of the companys expanding commitment to Ireland.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2016|Huawei Releases Industry-Leading Series of Passive and Active Antenna Solutions|Huawei released its industry-leading series of passive and active solutions at the 5th Annual Global Antenna and Active Antenna Unit (AAU) Forum. These latest and highly anticipated solutions included a 14-port antenna based on our Golden and Diamond platform evolution, as well as a 3D Hexa-beam antenna and the AAU5953, which all focus on multi-low bands deployments, multi-multiplex and multi-sector deployments in complex spectrums.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2016|Huawei’s Open Cloud Forum Accelerates Network All Cloud Transformation|Today, we are one step closer to an All-Cloud world after the third Open Cloud Forum was held in The Hague. More than 100 operator executives, technical experts, partners and analysts from across the world joined the forum.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2016|Sunrise and Huawei Sign ICT Managed Services Agreement|Sunrise and Huawei jointly announced the signing of a significant five-year partnership ICT Managed Services contract in Shenzhen. Under the terms of the contract, Huawei will provide a comprehensive range of services, which includes Information Technology (IT) infrastructure and Communications Technology (CT) networks, field operations, and spare parts management.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2016|Huawei Marine Helps Papua New Guinea Build a|National Broadband Transmission Network|Huawei Marine today announced that it will help Papua New Guinea (PNG) to build a national broadband transmission network to meet the increasing demand for internet connectivity and help foster social and economic development across the country.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2016|Huawei and UC Berkeley Announce Strategic Partnership into Basic AI Research|The Noah's Ark Laboratory of Huawei and the University of California, Berkeley, today announced a strategic partnership in basic research into artificial intelligence (AI). Huawei will provide a US$1 million fund to UC Berkeley for research into many subjects of interest in AI, including deep learning, reinforcement learning, machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2016|Huawei Releases Low Latency White Paper Based on PGM2 Concept|Huawei has released a White Paper on its MS-OTN Low-Latency Network Solution. The White Paper introduces detailed requirements for emerging network services like financial lines, the IOT, cloud computing and on-line entertainment, and provides a comprehensive analysis of network latency and its optimization methods.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2016|Huawei inaugurates Innovation and Experience Center in Nigeria|Huawei today inaugurated its Innovation and Experience Center and the Joint Open Lab of the University of Lagos (Unilag)|Huawei in Lagos, Nigeria.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2016|Huawei 5G: New Breakthrough on Channel Coding Technology with Polar Code|Huawei recently announced the new breakthrough on 5G channel coding with regards to to Polar Code technology. This has been achieved during a field trial and follows previous achievements on 5G air-interface key technology Huawei has conducted within China IMT-2020(5G) Promotion Group activities in April 2016.
NEWS | OCT 06, 2016|Huawei Jumps to Number 72 on Interbrand’s Best Global Brands Report|Huawei ranked 72 on the Interbrands 2016 Best Global Brands report, moving up 16 spots from its ranking in 2015. This is the second consecutive year Huawei has risen on Interbrands list since the company became the first mainland Chinese brand to be recognized as a Best Global Brand in 2014.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Huawei Releases its Video Strategy for Telecom Carriers|At the Ultra-Broadband Forum 2016 (UBBF), Huawei released its video strategy for telecom carriers, reaffirming its commitment to help carriers achieve business success in the video industry by positioning video as their basic service.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Huawei Outlines the UBB Roadmap for Telecom Operators and the “FMC 3.0” Business Proposition|The Ultra-Broadband Forum 2016 entered its second day with intelligent discussions around Business Innovation and Network Enablement in the Cloud Era. Huawei and leading global telecom operators, including BBF, Telefonica, TIM, KPN, Orange, du, as well as the Linux Foundation shared their viewpoints about the next-steps in the development of Ultra-Broadband.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Huawei Releases the First Microwave Solution for FTTx|Huawei officially released the first Microwave solution for FTTx, in order to provide an all-media giga-access platform. The solution allows operators to deploy gigabit-capable ultra-broadband over different forms of access media. Operators can leverage microwave links as well as existing fiber, copper and coaxial cables to expand Gigabit network coverage. The innovative new solution helps pave the way for the ultra-broadband era in accordance with Huawei's Gigaband strategy, which aims to achieve never-before-seen levels of bandwidth, experience, and coverage. The Huawei Microwave solution for FTTx extends coverage to the greatest range possible while also providing guaranteed bandwidth and service experience.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Telefonica and Huawei Launch Open Cloud and Cloud Server in Brazil, Mexico, and Chile to Boost Cloud Services|Telefonica Business Solutions, a leading provider of a wide range of comprehensive communication solutions for the B2B market, and Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, have launched their Open Cloud and Cloud Server services in Chile, Brazil and Mexico.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Huawei Awarded ‘Best Solution in Heterogeneous Network Deployment’ at 5G Asia in Joint Effort with Telkomsel|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, was awarded Best Solution in Heterogeneous Network Deployment for its Lampsite 2.0 and Service Anchor solutions at 5G Asia as part of a joint effort with leading Indonesia mobile operator Telkomsel. The two solutions have been put into commercial use in large buildings and will enhance the indoor service experience.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Huawei Releases VideoSense, the First Video Experience Visualization Management Solution|Huawei released VideoSense, the first video experience visualization management solution at Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF) 2016. This solution marks a shift from KPI-centric passive network Operations and Maintenance (OM) to user experience-centric proactive network management. It delivers video experience with visualized, manageable, and optimizable features to help operators achieve business success in the video era.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2016|Notice on Rotating CEO Tenure|Mr. Eric Xu will be the Rotating and Acting CEO of Huawei from October 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017, according to Huawei's Rotating CEO system. The Rotating and Acting CEO acts as the primary person of the operations and crisis management during his tenure, and is responsible for convening and chairing the meetings of Board of Directors' Executive Committee and the company's Executive Management Team.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|Ultra-Broadband Forum 2016 Paves the Way Towards A Better Connected World|The Ultra-Broadband Forum 2016 officially opened today in Frankfurt, Germany. With the theme of UBB 2020, Towards a Better Connected World, the forum is focused on three hot topics: Broadband Network Development, the Video Industry and Business Innovation in the Cloud Era.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|China Unicom and Huawei Jointly Release First Small Cell Service Openness White Paper|Yesterday China Unicom and Huawei jointly released a white paper on Small Cell Service Openness in Beijing, China. This is the first time that a white paper has been released in the industry concerning the small cell network service openness. This release signifies a solid foundation for China Unicom's strive for digital service transformation and architecture innovation over operator small cell networks.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|Huawei Wins Two Awards at Managed Services World Congress|Huawei won the Best Managed Services Innovation Award as 1st place winner and, with TDC Denmark, the Best Managed Services Partnership Award|as 2nd place winner at Managed Services World Congress 2016 held by Informa in London. The awards showcase Huaweis leadership in the managed services domain and its achievements in software defined operation research to enable ICT Managed Services.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|Huawei Gains Accreditation as a ‘Trusted Technology Provider’ from The Open Group|Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. announced today that it has recently achieved accreditation from The Open Group as a Trusted Technology Provider by meeting Open Trusted Technology Provider Standard (O-TTPS) requirements.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|Huawei’s Third Security Advisory Board Workshop|Explores ICT Security Mechanisms for 2020|Huawei announced it is holding its third Security Advisory Board (SAB) workshop in Paris to plan for core ICT challenges the industry will face by 2020. The workshop is being held under the auspices of the Huawei Innovation Research Programs (HIRP) Exploratory Activities and two departments|the Shield Lab and Security Competence Center of Huawei 2012 Labs. Both labs focus on ICT security research and development.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2016|Korea Telecom Partners with Huawei to Build a Flexible and Efficient Unified Transport Network|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, today announced that its 100G multi-service optical transport network (MS-OTN) solution has been selected for Korea Telecom's metro packet-optical transport network (POTN) project. The solution provides a large-bandwidth, flexible, and efficient unified transport platform to enable Korea Telecom to deliver various services including home video, mobile broadband, and VIP leased lines.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2016|Huawei 4-Socket Server Scores the World's No. 1 Shipment Volume in Q2 2016|Huaweis x86 4-socket Server shipment volume ranked first1 in the global market in Q2 2016, according to the most recent server market report released by Gartner, a global information technology research and advisory company.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2016|Huawei Wins ‘Best NFV/SDN Solution’ Award at 5G Asia|Huawei NFV (Network Functions Virtualization) solution won the award for Best NFV/SDN Solution during the 5G Asia Summit in Singapore. This important event reflects the fact that the industry highly regards Huaweis NFV architecture, technology, and commercial application, as well as its leading capability to evolve to future networks.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2016|Huawei Works with Telefonica de Peru to Build Latin America’s|First DOCSIS 3.1-compliant Converged UBB Network|Huawei has announced it is working with Telefonica de Peru to build Latin America's first DOCSIS 3.1 compliant converged ultra broadband (UBB) network. The network will offer both coaxialand fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) access and enable subscribers in Peru to enjoy 1 Gb/s access services.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Huawei Ryan Ding: Open Collaboration Will Help Bring About a Single 5G Standard|At the FT-ETNO Summit held in Brussels, Huawei Executive Director and Products and Solutions President Ryan Ding spoke about how, for 5G to become a cornerstone of industry digitalization, a single global standard will be vital.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Telecommunications and Automotive Players Form Global Cross-industry 5G Automotive Association|Today AUDI AG, BMW Group, Daimler AG, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm Incorporated, announce the formation of the 5G Automotive Association. The association will develop, test and promote communications solutions, support standardization and accelerate commercial availability and global market penetration. The goal is to address societys connected mobility and road safety needs with applications such as connected automated driving, ubiquitous access to services and integration into smart cities and intelligent transportation.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Huawei Drives Video and Broadband Service Transformation for MSOs|Huawei today unveiled the industry's first DOCSIS prototype to support a downstream rate of 25Gbps as well as a series of E2E solutions intended for global Multi-System Operators (MSOs) at the SCTE Cable Tec Expo 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The solutions are aimed at helping MSOs achieve video and broadband service transformation and enhance their competitiveness in the digital era.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Huawei and CRSCD Announce Global Partnership in Innovative Solution Development and Global Market Exploration|At InnoTrans 2016, Huawei signed a memorandum of cooperation (MOC) with the Beijing National Railway Research and Design Institute of Signal and Communication (CRSCD). The two sides announced the establishment of a global partnership to jointly develop innovative solutions and expand global markets.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Huawei Cloud DVR Video Solution Wins the 2016 ‘Diamonds’ Award at SCTE Cable-Tec Expo|Huawei's Cloud DVR video solution won the BTR Diamond Technology Reviews (the Diamonds) award at the 2016 SCTE Cable-Tec Expo. Each year, the Diamonds award is selected by a distinguished panel of cable telecommunications engineering experts, and this years results proved that Huawei's Cloud DVR video solution is highly recognized by multiple system operators (MSOs).
NEWS | SEP 27, 2016|Huawei Marine and Rostelecom Complete Construction of Submarine Cable Network Kamchatka-Sakhalin-Magadan|Huawei Marine and Rostelecom today announced that they have completed construction of the submarine fiber optic cable connecting Kamchatka and Sakhalin in Russia. The construction of this 900 kilometer (km) submarine cable segment completes phase two of the construction of the Kamchatka-Sakhalin-Magadan network.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2016|Huawei Shares Insights on Challenges for Computer Vision at RACV2016|Computer vision is a key component of the cognitive computing that will enable future communications networks, robotics and much more, but it will take significant new investment in RD to meet the challenges of taking machine learning to the next step, according to Professor Liu Jianzhuang of the Huawei Shannon Cognitive Computing Laboratory.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2016|Huawei and Leica Camera Establish New Research and Innovation Center|Huawei and Leica Camera AG today announced they have expanded their strategic collaboration with the establishment of a jointly operated research and innovation center, the Max Berek Innovation Lab. The launch comes seven months after the public announcement of their long-term technology partnership in the field of optical engineering, and five months after the launch of the globally successful, multiple-award winning Huawei P9 and P9 Plus smartphones.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2016|Huawei Presents Latest 5G Research Achievements at the PT/EXPO CHINA|Huawei presented their latest 5G network research at CHINA 2016 in Beijing this week. Alongside the results of recent tests, key research achievements were also unveiled including advancements in 5G air interface, network architecture that supports flexible slicing, and 5G prototypes for high band and low band.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2016|Openreach Selects Huawei to Help Deliver G.FAST Ultrafast Broadband in the UK|Openreach, BTs local network company, has selected Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, to help it deliver the first phase of its G.FAST deployment in the UK. The agreement is part of a programme that will bring ultrafast broadband speeds to 10 million UK premises by the end of 2020 using the technology.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2016|Huawei Starts Smartphone Manufacturing in India|Huawei today announced it will start to manufacture smartphones in India in collaboration with the leading global electronics manufacturer, Flex India, in October. Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad, Honourable Union Minister, Information and Technology, Law and Justice made the announcement at Huaweis Make in India inauguration ceremony in the Indian capital, New Delhi.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2016|Huawei and China Mobile Jointly Win ‘Most Promising MEC Trial’ Award|Huawei and China Mobile (Sichuan), jointly won the Most Promising MEC Trial award at the 2nd Mobile Edge Computing Congress in Munich, Germany, held from September 20 to 22, 2016.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2016|Huawei Releases Digital Urban Rail 2.0 Solutions at InnoTrans 2016|At InnoTrans 2016, Huawei rolled out two core Digital Urban Rail 2.0 solutions for the industry, which include the cloud-based Traffic Control Integrated Automation Systems (TIAS) solution and next-generation Urban Rail Data Communication System (DCS) solution. Jointly developed by Huawei and its partners, the two solutions are designed to build a smarter, safer and more efficient rail traffic network for global clients with innovative technologies such as cloud computing, big data and Long Term Evolution (LTE).
NEWS | SEP 22, 2016|Huawei MEC@CloudEdge Wins ‘Best Edge Computing Technology’ Award|At MEC (Mobile Edge Computing) Congress, Huawei MEC@CloudEdge won the Best Edge Computing Technology award due to its innovative architecture and technology. This award shows industry recognition of Huaweis MEC@CloudEdge in terms of providing leading architecture and technology standards for future-oriented cloud-based networks and for Huaweis outstanding contribution to the MEC industry.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2016|Huawei Releases the Industry's First Future-Oriented MEC@CloudEdge Solution|At the MEC (Mobile Edge Computing) Congress, Huawei released the industry's first future-oriented MEC@CloudEdge solution. This solution helps operators build a localized, flexible, and open network platform to meet the requirements for high-quality user experience and high-speed app innovation in the future.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2016|Huawei Positioned as a Visionary in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Wired and Wireless LAN Access Infrastructure|Huawei recently announced its positioning in Gartners Visionaries quadrant in the 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Wired and Wireless LAN Access Infrastructure. This is the first time that Huawei has entered the Visionaries quadrant since 2012 when Huawei was included into Gartner evaluation.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2016|Huawei Marine Achieves a Breakthrough in Unrepeatered Systems With a Transmission Distance of up to 648.5 km|Huawei Marine Networks Co., Ltd. (Huawei Marine) today announced that it has achieved another breakthrough in unrepeatered systems with a transmission distance of up to 648.5 km in a laboratory test in Beijing.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2016|Huawei Launches the First Commercial Symmetric 10G GPON Solution, Bringing Gigabit Access to Enterprises|Huawei has released the industry's first commercial symmetric 10G GPON (also called XGS-PON) solution. The solution demonstrates the maturity of Huawei's symmetrical XGS-PON technology, which helps upgrade enterprise private networks to gigabit access networks.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2016|Huawei and Philips Lighting Partner to Unlock Ocean of Possibilities for Connected Lighting|Huawei and Philips Lighting, a global leader in lighting, have signed a partnership agreement to ensure the seamless interoperability of the Philips Hue connected lighting system for the home with Huaweis OceanConnect Internet of Things (IoT) platform.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2016|Huawei Unveils Three Innovative Network Solutions at ECOC 2016|Huawei unveiled three innovative network solutions aligned with future network trends (large capacity, low latency and intelligence) at the 42nd European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC 2016) in Dusseldorf.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2016|Huawei and Oracle Deepen Collaboration|Huawei and Oracle signed a cooperation memorandum at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016. The two companies will deepen technical cooperation based on the Huawei KunLun Mission Critical Server. The alliance will also leverage Oracles cutting-edge database platform technologies, empowering open platforms with a new level of performance, reliability, and security for handling business-critical workloads.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2016|DT Mobile Communications Speed Breakthrough Achieved in Berlin|Using Huawei LTE Advanced Pro (4.5G) Solution|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei have accelerated mobile data transfer in Berlin's LTE network to more than 1.2 Gigabits per second (Gbps). A technology mix of four sending and receiving channels (4x4 MIMO) and five carrier frequencies was deployed live for the first time. LTE Advanced Pro (4.5G) gives customers the highest data speeds.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2016|Huawei and Schindler Sign Global Agreement on Cooperation for IoT Connectivity|Huawei announced that it has signed a Global Frame Agreement on Internet of Elevators|Escalators (IoEE) with Schindler Group, a leading global elevator manufacturer. Huawei and Schindler Group will cooperate in the future on the development of smart Internet-of-Things (IoT) components for a seamless connectivity of elevators and escalators.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2016|Leading New ICT, Huawei Uses Open Media Information Services Platform to Empower Digital Transformation|At IBC 2016, Huawei and its partners jointly demonstrated their latest ICT solutions. Some of the showcased products included the converged media cloud architecture developed using innovative ICT technology, IP-based ingest and broadcasting solution that supports flexible service scaling, and the 4K program production and broadcasting system with superb audio and video experience.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2016|Huawei Unveils uX2 Solution, Enhancing Cell Edge User Experience|Huawei recently launched uX2 solution to help operators provide improved cell edge user experience and release network potentials. The innovative uX2 solution has already found success in the large-scale commercial use in Thailand and pilot deployment in live networks in Hong Kong, Lithuania, and United Arab Emirates.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2016|Stratecast | Frost & Sullivan Awards Huawei for its Growth Excellence Leadership in the Global Communications Service Provider Billing Market|Based on its recent analysis of the communications service provider (CSP) billing marketplace, Stratecast | Frost & Sullivan has recognized Huawei Technologies by awarding it with the ‘2016 Stratecast Global Growth Excellence Leadership Award’ in the CSP Billing Market.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2016|Huawei Helps China Mobile Tap into "Indoor Digital Economy"|Huawei, China Mobile and iSoftStone unveiled their "Creating New Business in Smart Coastal City" project in the Wuxi Coastal City Shopping Plaza, a commercial complex in Southern China. This project brought together leading industry players to build 4G network-based smart shopping malls and explore innovative uses for location-based services (LBS).
NEWS | SEP 13, 2016|Huawei Launches the Security Solution Tightly Coupled into an SDN Environment|Huawei launches the Software-defined Security Solution at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016. This solution guarantees the security of enterprise tenants’ applications hosted on the cloud. Based on the core component Agile Controller, the solution virtualizes hardware security devices and offers a variety of services for online subscription. The automated security deployment capability also greatly improves cloud service protection efficiency.
NEWS | SEP 13, 2016|Huawei Releases New Report on Mobile Video at European Mobile Video Forum|Huawei released its new report on mobile video at the European Video Forum.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2016|Huawei Announces ‘Best-UHD Industry Development’ White Paper at IBC 2016|Huawei held the ‘Best-UHD’ summit, which is oriented towards operators and other partners, during IBC 2016, and also published its ‘Best-UHD Industry Development’ white paper during the event.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2016|Huawei and VSN Sign Agreement on New Media Asset Management System|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, and VSN, a global technology company, today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) at IBC 2016 to promote both companies products, in order to offer a joint media asset management (MAM) solution, the core system used for digital media storage and management.
NEWS | SEP 09, 2016|Huawei Marine Deploys Subsea Cable System on Eastern Seaboard of Peninsula Malaysia|Huawei Marine Networks Co., Limited (Huawei Marine) today announced it has been selected by Super Sea Cable Networks Pte Ltd to deploy SEAX-1, a Subsea Cable System connecting the Eastern seaboard of Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei Releases White Paper on Key Technologies in Open Optical Transmission Systems|Huawei has released a White Paper on Key Technologies in Open Optical Transmission Systems (White Paper for short) at OFC 2017. This White Paper elaborates on the industry's urgent requirements for network openness and major challenges, and proposes opening up interfaces at the control layer and implementing system integration at the transmission layer.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei and Software AG to Deliver Complete Internet of Things Solution|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology solution provider, has announced a new partnership with Software AG to support the increasing demand from companies for a complete one-stop-shop, Internet of Things (IoT) solution.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei Release an AMI Solution with Integration to SAP for Utilities|Huawei released an AMI solution with integration to the SAP for Utilities solution portfolios at CeBIT 2017.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei Signs MoU with MetaSystem to Help Develop the Connected Car Industry|Huawei signed a pivotal Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on March 20 with MetaSystem, a world leader in the UBI (usage-based insurance) market at CeBIT 2017. The signing will see Huawei work with MetaSystem Italy to develop connected car applications and provide a variety of end-to-end UBI solutions for the industry.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Shenzhen Water, China Telecom, and Huawei Jointly Release the World's First Commercial NB-IoT-based Smart Water Project on World Water Day|The 25th World Water Day is celebrated with Shenzhen Water, China Telecom, and Huawei's joint announcement of the release of the world's first commercial NB-IoT-based Smart Water project. This momentous ceremony was attended by Wang Hushan, Deputy Secretary General of Shenzhen, Han Dehong, Chairman of Shenzhen Water, Li Shengfei, General Manager of China Telecom Shenzhen, and Edward Deng, President of Huawei Wireless Solution. This project marks a significant milestone for introducing the full utilization of NB-IoT in the field of water services.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Huawei Ushers in New Era of Enterprise Wireless Communications at CeBIT|At CeBIT 2017 held in Hannover, Huawei released a next-generation wireless communications solution, empowering enterprises to succeed in the digital age. The solution integrates voice, video, intercom, monitoring, IoT, and other services into a single system while providing industry-grade reliability and availability on both licensed and unlicensed bands.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Huawei Promotes Cloud-based IP Network Transformation to Help Operators Seize Opportunities Presented by Emerging Services|Huawei successfully held an IP technology seminar during the MPLS+SDN+NFV 2017 World Congress. More than 130 representatives of operators, analysts, and partners from across the world attended this seminar.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Huawei Announces Collaboration with Honeywell to Develop Smart Building Offerings|At CeBIT 2017, the world's largest ICT exhibition, Huawei announced that it is collaborating with Honeywell to bring to market smart building offerings that take advantage of the latest Internet of Things (IoT) technologies to help make buildings more sustainable, secure and energy efficient.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom Share Open Telekom Cloud Success Stories and Future Plans at CeBIT 2017|At CeBIT 2017 held at Hannover, Germany, Huawei and Deutsche Telekom today shared their latest developments and future plans for the Open Telekom Cloud (OTC). Since its commercial launch in 2016, the jointly-developed solution has been enhanced with 50 new flavours and new services, providing enterprises with a comprehensive set of cloud services. Furthermore, the partners announced their intention to join forces to tackle the IoT hardware market.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2017|Huawei and SUSE Announce SUSE Linux Enterprise Server Support for KunLun RAS 2.0|Huawei and SUSE have announced SUSE Linux Enterprise Server as the preferred standard operating system (OS) for Huaweis KunLun RAS 2.0. Based on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 Service Pack 2, the OS supports the unique Reliability, Availability, and Serviceability (RAS 2.0) features of Huaweis KunLun Mission Critical Server.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2017|Huawei CEO Ren Zhengfei meets New Zealand Prime Minister to promote R&D collaboration, digital transformation|During a meeting with New Zealand Prime Minister, Rt Hon. Bill English, Huawei Founder and CEO, Ren Zhengfei, discussed ICT infrastructure build-out and digital transformation, and outlined the company's investment plan for New Zealand|including local procurement, RD, and cloud computing infrastructure initiatives.
NEWS | MAR 21, 2017|Huawei’s CloudMetro Solution Successfully Tested by EANTC|The international independent testing organization, European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC), has announced that Huaweis CloudMetro solution has been successfully tested for metro broadband access scenarios. This test verified that the CloudMetro solution is indeed the industry's first solution to be able to establish one million subscriber sessions by using a broadband network gateway (BNG), and achieved a session establishment rate of 2600 sessions per second.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei Unveils All-Cloud Network Architecture|Huawei today unveiled its All-Cloud Network architecture for enterprises at CeBIT 2017. The All-Cloud Network architecture will help enterprises accelerate their digital transformation by delivering an ultimate user experience with more agile service innovations and ubiquitous security protection.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei Unveils SD-WAN Solution to Provide Application-aware Cloud-managed Leased Line for Enterprises|At CeBIT 2017, Huawei unveils Software Defined WAN (SD-WAN) solution to provide enterprises with application-aware, cost-effective, easy OM and on-demand cloud-managed leased line. It helps reduce the costs and accelerate service provisioning, empowering enterprises to quickly respond to market demands and changes in the cloud era, strengthening competitiveness, and leading the entire business ecosystem.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei Launches Global OpenLab Program to Create an Open Ecosystem|At CeBIT 2017 held in Hannover, Germany, Huawei today unveiled its Global OpenLab Program, outlining its development of 15 new OpenLabs and investment plan for the next three years. The new OpenLabs will enable Huawei to work with various industry partners across the world to create customer-centric and innovative solutions that enable digital transformation, while promoting industry ecosystem development.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei’s STaaS Solution Enables Smooth Transition to the Cloud|Huawei today announced its new Storage as a Service (STaaS) solution at CeBIT 2017. The solution delivers a consistent on- and off-premise cloud experience in storage services and intelligent data and OM management to help enterprises move seamlessly to the cloud, while protecting increasing volumes of data.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei FusionSphere Expands Enterprise Linux Support Earns Oracle Linux Certification|Huawei announced today that the Huawei FusionSphere cloud operating system has been awarded Oracle Linux TM Hardware Certification and now supports the Oracle Linux operating system as a guest operating system. With this announcement, Huaweis FusionSphere cloud platform further extends its compatibility by supporting popular enterprise Linux operating systems.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2017|Huawei Attends CeBIT 2017 with 100 Partners to Advance Digital Transformation|At CeBIT 2017 from March 20 to 24, 2017, Huawei is joining hands with 100 partners to exhibit ICT strategies and solutions under the theme of "Leading New ICT, The Road to Digital Transformation". In a booth of over-3500 square meters located at C30 in Hall 2 of the Hannover Exhibition Center, Huawei is demonstrating innovative ICT and solutions across business, technology, and ecosystem exhibition areas, and is sharing digital transformation best practices and methodologies to help global customers and partners advance their digital businesses.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2017|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Jointly Demonstrate Entertain TV 2.0 During Mobile World Congress|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona, Deutsche Telekom and Huawei jointly presented Entertain TV 2.0, the next generation of video service.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2017|President of Rwanda: Looking forward to Huawei’s Participation in Information Construction in Rwanda|Today, the President of the Republic of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, accompanied by the Minister of Youth and ICT of the Republic of Rwanda, the Director General of the Rwanda Utilities Regulatory Authority (RURA) and other government representatives participated in the Broadband Commission meeting, organized by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) and Huawei Technologies.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2017|Huawei Proposes a New Traffic Blocking Theory for Data Services|Huawei mLAB of Huawei Wireless X Labs, Future Network Theory Lab of Huawei 2012 Labs, and some universities around the world jointly proposed a new traffic blocking theory for data services. This theory facilitates scientific capacity planning and optimization for data networks. This research has been incorporated into IEEE ICC, and will be released in May 2017, at the IEEE ICC in Paris.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2017|Huawei and Global Partners to Build a Sustainable Ecosystem|to Facilitate Industrywide Shift to Digital|At todays Huawei Enterprise Partner Summit 2017 held in Shenzhen, under the theme of Leading New ICT, The Road to Digital Transformation|Sharing Success with Ecosystems, Huawei has helped to elevate ecosystem development to a strategic level for the first time.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2017|MCT Submarine Cable Launch Promises Bright Future For Cambodian and Regional Telcos|Telcotech, a subsidiary of EZECOM, and partners - Malaysia Telekom, Malaysia Berhad and Symphony Communication of Thailand - celebrated the momentous launch of the Malaysia-Cambodia-Thailand (MCT) Submarine Cable System and Landing Station in Cambodia. Huawei Marine, a global submarine network solution provider, was contracted to design and deploy the system.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2017|ASTRI, HKT, Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies work together|to build a smart mobility system for Hong Kong|using Cellular-V2X technologies|A Smart Mobility Consortium (the Consortium) on Cellular-Vehicle-to-Everything (C-V2X) technologies has been formed by the Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute (ASTRI), HKT Limited (SEHK: 6823) (HKT), Huawei Technologies Co. Limited (Huawei) and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (Qualcomm Technologies), a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2017|Huawei's NE9000 Core Router Wins iF Industry Product Design Award|At the 2017 iF Product Design Awards, held recently in Germany, Huawei's next-generation NetEngine9000 (NE9000) core router won an iF Product Design Award for its compact design and expression of high performance.
NEWS | MAR 13, 2017|Huawei Elected as First Asian Platinum Member of the OpenStack Foundation|Huawei has been elected as a platinum member of the OpenStack Foundation at the OpenStack's Board of Directors meeting, marking the first time an Asian vendor has become a platinum member. The decision reflects Huawei's dedication to sharing its experience with the OpenStack community.
NEWS | MAR 10, 2017|Huawei Ranks Third Globally for 2016 Q4 Server Shipments|Huawei's server shipment volume ranked third in the global market in Q4 2016 according to a recent market report released by Gartner, a global IT technology research and consultancy company.
NEWS | MAR 08, 2017|Andorra Telecom selects Huawei to build the next generation ultra-broadband FTTH network|Andorra Telecom selects Huawei as the sole vendor of the FTTH swap project to provide ultra-high speed Internet access service to end users by upgrading the existing fiber to the home (FTTH) network. The new deployment will start in March, 2017 and will finish around January 2018. This will strengthen Andorras leadership in the Gigaband access era.
NEWS | MAR 08, 2017|Vodafone and Huawei Demonstrated Fiber-based 10 Gbit/s Speed at Mobile World Congress|Attendees at Mobile World Congress 2017 have been able to observe an ultra-fast fiber broadband connection with a downloading speed close to 10 Gbit/s. This ultra broadband (UBB) technology can be applied to multiple services, such as ultra high definition (UHD) 8K videos, big data downloading, virtual reality (VR) and 3D, augmented reality (AR), remote healthcare, 360 television, and online gaming. These services can be used simultaneously at homes.
NEWS | MAR 07, 2017|Huawei CloudFabric Helps Wuxi Telecom Build a Cloud-based Multi-Tenant Data Center Network|China Telecom Wuxi Branch (Wuxi Telecom) has successfully completed a smooth upgrade from a traditional data center to a cloud-based multi-tenant data center. This was achieved using Huawei's CloudFabric Data Center Network Solution. Wuxi Telecom and Huawei are proud to announce an official transition to cloud-based multi-tenant services.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2017|KUKA and Huawei X Labs jointly show the connected industrial robot with 5G enabling tech|KUKA and Huawei X Labs unveiled the innovative and revolutionary future collaborative robots showcase with 5G-oriented cellular wireless technology at the MWC GSMA Innovation City.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2017|Huawei PowerCube 500 Wins iF Design Award|The globally renowned iF Design Awards, also known as the Design Oscars, recently unveiled its winners. Huawei PowerCube 500|with its creative concept of simple modular design for easy deployment|impressed 58 internationally-renowned design jurors to earn the iF Design Award. It faced competition from over 5,500 product candidates representing 59 countries.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2017|5G Automotive Association and European Automotive Telecom Alliance sign a partnership MoU|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) in Barcelona, The 5G Automotive Association (5GAA) and the European Automotive Telecom Alliance (EATA) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding. Aim of this partnership is to foster cooperation in the field of connected and autonomous driving solutions as well as standardisation, spectrum and related use cases.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2017|Huawei Showcases Servers at MWC 2017 to Turbocharge the Cloud Transformation of Carriers|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC), Huawei showcased a series of solutions powered by Huawei servers. The solutions include hyper-converged infrastructures for databases, mission critical servers, and accelerators for mission-critical services. At the congress, Huawei also unveiled the industry's first blade with built-in 100GE NFVI solution, another powerful piece to propel the transformation process of carriers.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2017|Huawei Unveils 5G-Oriented Microwave Bearer Solution, Usher In a New Era of Microwave Bearer|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) in Barcelona, Huawei unveiled 5G-oriented microwave bearer solution. Featuring ultra-high bandwidth, ultra-low latency, and cloud readiness, it supports 5G application scenarios, helping operators manage future challenges to 5G bearer networks.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2017|Huawei and Heavy Reading Released the 5G Core White Paper|Huawei and Heavy Reading released the 5G Core white paper. The white paper focuses on the evolution of the core network to 5G. It defines the objectives and value of the 5G core for networks, and the key technologies and network architecture to move forward the 5G network technologies and architecture development.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2017|Huawei Launched Edge-Computing-IoT Solution, Enabling Industry Digital Transformation|On the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017), Huawei launched the Edge-Computing-IoT (EC-IoT) Solution. The solution innovatively applies edge computing and cloud managed platforms to the IoT field. With the SDN-based Agile Controller and edge computing IoT gateways (AR500 series), the solution allows edge nodes to provide intelligent services nearby and implements network management in the cloud. The solution achieves full-process industry services and business model innovations, leading industry digital transformation and unleashing the great potential of industry innovations.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2017|Huawei Launches the Industry's First 4T Router Line Card for Ultra-High Bandwidth Backbone Networks|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona, Huawei unveiled the industry's first 4T router line card, delivering the industry's highest density 100GE interface interconnection; and Huawei's NE9000 backbone router which can reach a capacity of 80T, to support ultra-high bandwidth demands. The NE9000 supports Huawei's CloudBackbone solution, enabling higher capacity and efficiency for core nodes and data center interconnection (DCI), which helps operators address data flow challenges in the cloud era.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2017|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom Demonstrate the All Cloud 5G Network Slicing|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom showed all cloud based 5G E2E network slicing demo including RAN, Transport and Core network on the opening day of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The joint demo is conducted in Deutsche Telekoms 5G:haus lab based in Bonn, Germany, and aims to validate the global leading network slicing technology applied for the future-coming diversity 5G applications.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2017|Huawei Launches New-Generation 5000 Series Base Station|Today at the Mobile World Congress 2017, Huawei has launched its 5000 series base station. Innovative technologies empower mobile operators to build a 5G-oriented network.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2017|Huawei X Labs Announces 4 Key Research Areas for Mobile Innovation|Huawei held the first annual X Labs roundtable. Intel, GE, Bosch Connected Devices and Solutions, Toshiba, Philips Lighting, Noitom, Continental, DNP and CloudMinds, as well as operators CMCC joined this meeting at the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017). During the meeting, Huawei announced details on operations, including research directions, collaborative models, and resource provision.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2017|China Mobile, Huawei, Deutsche Telekom and Volkswagen Reveal 5G Vision Based on 5G Service guaranteed Network Slicing New White Paper|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) in Barcelona, China Mobile, Huawei, Deutsche Telekom, and Volkswagen have released their shared vision for the 5G era in their 5G Service guaranteed Network Slicing White Paper as all parties prepare to attend the 2017 Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. In this white paper, the world-leading vendor, operators, and vertical industry partner explore new business models for mobile networks and share their insights into the evolution of the current mobile network towards an "All Cloud" 5G era.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Giving 5G More Vitality and a Longer Life Cycle|At the Mobile World Congress 2017, Huawei Rotating CEO Eric Xu attended the GTI Summit and delivered a keynote speech entitled "Building 5G with More Vitality and Longer Life Cycle". He emphasized that we must remain committed to the ultimate goals of 5G, and boldly pursue technological innovation and transformation through in-depth cross-industry collaboration. Only by doing so can we realize 5G and live up to our historic mission.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei and Spanish Secretary of State for the Information Society and Digital Agenda jointly promote cyber security in IoT environments|At Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona, Huawei, INCIBE (Spanish National Institute of Cyber Security), and Red.es jointly released the Building a Trusted and Managed IoT World white paper. This white paper analyzed the development of IoT security technologies, summarized IoT security practices, and proposed the employment of multilayered end-to-end security mechanisms to safeguard the IoT. The white paper advocated that all the governments, international organizations, and industries should join hands together to build IoT security and work harder in guiding policies, enacting laws and regulations, setting standards, innovating new technologies, and building industry ecosystems.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|A Joint Statement for a Unified Standard, Unified Ecosystem Declared at Global 5G Test Summit|Today during World Mobile Congress in Barcelona, at Global 5G Test Summit, ATT, China Mobile, NTT DOCOMO, Vodafone, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Keysight, MediaTek, Nokia, Qualcomm, Rohde|Schwarz, ZTE, Datang jointly declared a statement promoting unified, global 5G standards achieved through 5G testing, trials and cooperation between telecom operators, vendors and vertical industry partners to build a unified end-to-end (E2E) ecosystem.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei Wins ‘Outstanding Contribution for LTE Evolution to 5G’ Award at MWC 2017|Huawei received the Outstanding Contribution for LTE Evolution to 5G award at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017. This year is the first year that GSMA has chosen to present the award for 5th generation mobile networks (5G) and receiving such an honor helps to showcase Huaweis contribution to technology evolution.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei's AAU Solution Awarded Best Mobile Infrastructure at MWC 2017|Huawei's active antenna unit (AAU) solution won the Best Mobile Infrastructure award at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017. This award recognizes Huawei's innovation in mobile network infrastructure and next-generation base station solutions. Organized by the GSMA, MWC is the world's most influential mobile communications event, and the GSMA Global Mobile Awards are considered the most prestigious in the industry.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei's NFV Solution Awarded Best Technology Enabler at MWC 2017|Today at Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona, Huawei's NFV solution was awarded Best Technology Enabler. This award points to the recognition within the industry of Huawei's leading capabilities and outstanding performance in NFV architecture, technology, commercial application, and the evolution toward Cloud Native. Organized by the GSMA, Mobile World Congress is the world's most influential event in the mobile communications sector, and the GSMA Global Mobile Awards are considered the highest honor within the industry.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei and Vodafone showcase the Future Connected Car experience at MWC 2017|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) in Barcelona, Huawei and Vodafone, with the support of Audi, demonstrate for the first time in Europe the use of cellular technology to connect cars to each other, to people, and to roadside infrastructure enhancing safety and delivering a better driving experience. Using a new technology called Cellular V2X (C-V2X) the live demonstration takes place in front of invited guests at the world famous Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya race track.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Telecom Argentina Launches the First All-Cloud Core Networks in Latin America with Huawei|It is reported that, Telecom Argentina takes the lead in putting all-cloud core network into commercial use with Huawei to provide voice and data services to 2G/3G/4G subscribers. This means that Telecom Argentina has completed the construction of the basic ICT converged telecom service over cloud infrastructure and entered the era of all-cloud core networks.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2017|Huawei Releases LampSite3.0 for Indoor MBB|At this years Mobile World Congress, Huawei has released LampSite 3.0 for indoor mobile broadband (MBB) scenarios. By removing longstanding technical bottlenecks, this futureproof solution enables full bandwidth on multi-frequency bands and extends digital network sharing among operators to indoor scenarios. It also supports a number of innovative technologies, including flexible multicarrier aggregation, distributed MIMO, and 256QAM, paving the way for evolution to 5G networks.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2017|Huawei and China Mobile Joint Innovation of 5G Sub6GHz&mmWave Frequency Band Cooperation Technology|At the Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) in Barcelona, Huawei and China Mobile published the latest joint innovation progress of 5G Dual Connectivity and presented them with AR/VR demos. More than 22Gbps user throughput and less than 0.5 millisecond one way user plane latency have been achieved with one TUE (Test User Equipment) working on dual connectivity mode with both 5G C-Band (3.5GHz) and millimeter wave (Ka-Band) network. This is a key milestone of Huawei and China Mobile collaborative efforts on 5G technology research and development.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2017|T-Mobile Signs a 5-year Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Huawei to Develop Wireless HBB Services|T-Mobile Austria recently signed a 5-year strategic cooperation agreement with Huawei regarding 4.5G-based E2E network upgrades and particularly, wireless to the x (WTTx) services.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2017|Huawei Releases CloudMetro Solution to Accelerate Cloud-based Network Transformation|Huawei officially released its future-ready CloudMetro solution, in a move ultimately helping operators to accelerate their digital transformation and business success. CloudMetro allows metro networks to harness cloud technology to enable resource pooling, service agility, operation automation and open platforms.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2017|Huawei Defines ROADS to Value-Driven New Growth|At Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017) which officially kicked off today in Barcelona, Spain, Huawei is leading a number of activities including joint exhibitions, keynote speeches and industry forums, under the theme of "Open ROADS to a Better Connected World". During the event, more than 100 operators and partners from around the world will demonstrate new innovations and ideas jointly developed with Huawei. The company is also engaging in a dialogue with industry partners about the future of the telecoms industry and best practices to help operators achieve new value-driven growth.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2017|Huawei Releases NFVI 100GE Solution Setting a New Standard for NFVI|Today, at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017, Huawei released a 100GE-enabled network functions virtualization infrastructure (NFVI) solution, delivering high bandwidth, low latency, and superb performance to help carriers gain an on-demand competitive edge. Based on Huawei's FusionServer E9000 converged architecture blade server, the solution sets a new standard for high-performance NFVI by integrating 100GE Ethernet switch modules, as well as FPGA acceleration cards, NVMe SSDs, and Huawei's FusionSphere virtualization platform.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2017|Huawei Outlines Opportunities for Growth in Emerging Markets|At the Digital Transformation Forum held today, Huawei outlined its role as an all-round strategic partner to countries looking to advance economic and social development. Huawei is committed to creating value for communities by collaborating with operators to help them maximize network assets, deploy home broadband and indoor digitalization, and drive connectivity to enhance the user experience, while promoting economic and social growth.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2017|Digital Transformation Accelerates Business Success|The Global Digital Transformation Forum, held on the eve of Mobile World Congress 2017, has become a highly-anticipated MWC kick-off event that defines some of the key themes and trends affecting technology growth. This year focused sharing on four of todays biggest themes: 5G Innovation, ROADS to New Growth, Network Value Maximization and Operations Transformation. The sessions provided a platform for operators to share industry-wide challenges, strategies, and best-practice digital solutions. Here, Huawei has united the industrys greatest minds in exploring ways to sustainable growth in a common ecosystem of opportunities and profits.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2017|Huawei Releases the Industry's First 5G Network Slicing Router, Enabling the Best Application Experience Across Industries for Carriers|Huawei released the industry's first 5G network slicing router at MWC 2017 in Barcelona. It provides 50GE base station access and seamless compatibility with 100GE, and achieves physical isolation of port channels based on innovative Flexible Ethernet technology to provide differentiated SLA guarantee.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2017|Huawei Releases World's First 5G Core Solution SOC 2.0 for Commercial Use Case|On the day before Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Huawei releases the world's first 5G core solution for commercial use case, known as Service-Oriented Core 2.0 (SOC 2.0). At the 2016 MWC, Huawei introduced the world's first 5G core prototype, known as SOC 1.0, and verified its multi-service slicing technology. SOC 2.0 will show the commercial 5G capabilities of the solution and enable all access to 5G networks and all services in 5G. It will not only provide connectivity for a multitude of terminals from various industries, but also on-demand services for all vertical industries.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2017|Meet the HUAWEI P10, a Stunning Combination of Technology and Art|To kick off Mobile World Congress 2017, Huawei Consumer Business Group today launched the HUAWEI P10 and HUAWEI P10 Plus. The much-anticipated additions to the P Series are a combination of beautiful hardware and the latest advances in software. Even more, the smartphones showcase striking colors and finishes, and introduce new Leica front and back cameras with cutting-edge portrait features to make every shot a cover shot.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2017|China Mobile and Huawei Release Technical White Paper on Cloud-based BNG with Control Plane and User Plane Separated Architecture|China Mobile and Huawei jointly released the industry's first technical white paper on cloud-based BNG with control plane and user plane(C/U) separated architecture in Barcelona. This white paper demonstrates that China Mobile and Huawei have developed a systematic theoretical and practical foundation for metro network evolution and cloud architecture innovation.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2017|Huawei Helps Telcos Build Better Networks for Less with the Industry's First Multi-layer Networking Solution|Right in time for this year's Mobile World Congress, Huawei launched a new multi-layer networking solution that will revolutionize network deployment in the mobile broadband era. This breakthrough solution enables wider coverage and frees up finite site resources, while delivering significant gains in network capacity, coverage, and performance. With multi-layer network technology, operators can deploy their networks for less and take user experience to a whole new level.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2017|Huawei and DLR Collaboration Projects to Test 5G for Cooperative Automated Driving in Field|Before the upcoming Mobile World Congress 2017, Huawei and DLR (Deutsches Zentrum fr Luft- und Raumfahrt) have tested 5G for cooperative automated driving in Munich. The results show the practical applicability of 5G V2X to achieve a reliable and ultra-low-latency connection between vehicles for collision avoidance. Currently, Huawei and DLR investigate the application of 5G V2X(Vehicle to Everything) for more complex cooperative maneuvers, starting with 5G-enhanced platooning.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2017|Guangdong Unicom Partners with Huawei to Launch the World's First Commercial SD-UTN Smart Leased Line Service|China Unicom Guangdong Branch (hereby referred to as Guangdong Unicom) launched its commercial SD-UTN (Software Defined Unified Transport Network) smart government and enterprise leased line service in collaboration with Huawei today in Guangzhou. This commercial trial marks the first successful demonstration of Guangdong Unicom's efforts to provide differentiated leased line products and proactive services, increase operational efficiency, and implement network traffic operations. As the key supporting technological solution behind the trial, Huawei's innovative CloudMetro architecture has helped Guangdong Unicom provide government and enterprise users with superior leased line experience, greatly shortening service rollout time and decreasing OM costs. More than 300 representatives from the China Unicom Group, China Unicom Network Technology Research Institute, Guangdong Unicom, and Huawei, business partners of Guangdong Unicom, as well as key enterprise customers from all over Guangdong were present at the launch event.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2017|Huawei and Grameenphone will Jointly Show Innovative VillaRadio Solution for Deep Coverage in High-Dense Residential Areas|At MWC 2017, Huawei and Grameenphone, Telenor's subsidiary branch in Bangladesh, will jointly show an in-depth coverage innovative solution for use in high-dense residential areas.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2017|China Unicom Henan and Huawei Work Together to Deploy a Commercial Distributed Cloud Data Center for Localized Cloud Services|Huawei announced that its CloudFabric Data Center Network Solution has helped China Unicom Henan Branch (China Unicom Henan) deploy a distributed cloud data center. This distributed cloud data center reuses resources from China Unicom Henans Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) equipment rooms to improve resource utilization and reduce the cost of cloud transformation. The transformed data center delivers localized cloud services with low latency, secure data isolation, and a unified management platform. These features satisfy the increasing demand for cloud services from local government, medical, and educational institutions, as well as small and medium businesses (SMBs).
NEWS | FEB 24, 2017|Huawei Flex-PON Solution Supports SK Broadband in Building a Gigabit Ultra-Broadband Access Network|Huawei today announced that SK Broadband has deployed its Flex-PON solution and has successfully providing gigabit ultra-broadband access for users. By deploying the Flex-PON solution, SK Broadband reuses the existing optical distribution network (ODN) resources to achieve smooth evolution to the next generation PON network, greatly enhance the network capacity to meet their requirements for future businesses such as 4K video, virtual reality (VR), smart home, and significantly enhance the user experience.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2017|Huawei Completed the World's First 3.5 GHz Massive MIMO with CA Test, Further Mining the Value of 3.5 GHz Ultra-Wide Spectrum|As MWC 2017 is drawing near, in cooperation with SoftBank Corp. (SoftBank), Huawei recently completed the Massive MIMO verification test using the operator's 40 MHz spectrum on the 3.5 GHz band in Tokyo, Japan. The pair adopted Massive MIMO and multi-carrier technologies with the peak downlink rate reaching 1.4 Gbps. The test represents another collaboration regarding Massive MIMO between the two companies since September 2016 when SoftBank announced the "5G Project" program using 2.5GHz band on the TDD (AXGP) commercial network operated by Wireless City Planning Inc., a SoftBank group company, and is also the world's first Massive MIMO trial on the 3.5 GHz band.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2017|Huawei Conducts 5 Gbit/s Tests with Phone Form-Factor 5G Terminals|Huawei completed field tests on 5G terminals with a wide bandwidth of 200 MHz on the 3.5 GHz carrier. A battery powered 5G terminal prototype is configured with miniature multi-antenna to transmit and receive RF signals, and the terminal supports software-defined baseband. The test terminal complies with air interface parameters of the New Radio (NR) currently been defined by 3GPP. For enhanced-Mobile-Broadband (eMBB) test cases, with the Massive-MIMO macro-basestation set up scenario, the 5G terminal throughput can reach up to 5 Gigabits per second at downlink. The test results prove the feasibility of key 5G technologies and further validate the small size multi-antennas technology for 5G terminal in the phone form-factor, representing significant progress in 5G technology innovation.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2017|Huawei FusionSphere Scores First in Two SPECvirt Performance Tests|Huaweis FusionSphere 6.0 cloud operating system has once again received leading scores on virtualization software performance tests from the internationally authoritative Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation (SPEC).
NEWS | FEB 23, 2017|Huawei Launches Cloud Enterprise Private Network Solution|Ahead of the upcoming Mobile World Congress 2017 (MWC 2017), Huawei has launched its Cloud Enterprise Private Network (CloudEPN) solution for enterprise interconnection. The solution helps carriers to provide on-demand and cost-effective enterprise leased line services with cloud-based visualized OM.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2017|Huawei Leads the Way to 5G in China with Successful Field Performance Testing|Huawei was the first to pass the recent field performance tests of 5G New Radio (NR) technology in the 3.5 GHz band, and tests of cross-compatibility with a range of industry-standard hardware. The field tests were conducted as part of the second phase of 5G trials in China and were led by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2017|Huawei and SK Telecom Successfully Deploy 200G ASON Backbone Commercial Network|Huawei today announced the successful deployment of its automatically switched optical network (ASON) solution on SK Telecom's 200G network, to meet growing demand for ultra-fast mobile broadband access. This is the first ever deployment of Huaweis ASON solution on a commercial 200G network, and dramatically increases data capacity and transmission speeds to enable SK Telecom to expand its high-bandwidth mobile services and accommodate future 5G network traffic in South Korea.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2017|BT and Huawei Announce Research into 5G Network Slicing|BT and Huawei today announced new research into how network slicing|a method of carving out specific slices of an IP-based network for dedicated purposes|may be used to support services delivered over tomorrows 5G networks.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2017|Huawei Outlines Gigaband Network Construction Strategy and E2E Access Network Solution at FTTH Conference 2017|At the FTTH Conference 2017 held in Marseille, France from February 1416, Huawei together with 120 telecom operators and industry analysts, discussed strategies and solutions to address the challenges of gigabit access network construction and ensure an optimum user experience.
NEWS | FEB 20, 2017|Huawei X Labs and China Mobile Research Institute Release Report on Mobile Live Video Research|Before the upcoming Mobile World Congress 2017, Huawei X Labs and China Mobile Research Institute jointly released the Mobile Video Report: China Trailblazing Mobile Live Video Market. The Report reveals that the burgeoning social networking combined with the unique monetization mechanism presented in China helps stimulate the advancement of China's live streaming industry. At all times and in all locations consumer's requirements for live streaming are efficiently fulfilled thanks to the extensive construction of robust 4G networks. It is estimated that the total number of mobile live streaming viewers will approach 500 million by 2020 in China, generating a market of approximately 13 billion USD. This demonstrates that China will probably dominate the worlds live streaming market.
NEWS | FEB 20, 2017|Huawei and James Cook University open first NB-IoT lab in Australia|Huawei and James Cook University today announced a new partnership to develop the latest innovation and technology around Narrow Band IoT (NB-IoT).
NEWS | FEB 20, 2017|Beltelecom and Huawei Showcase Commercial Smart Home Services and Explore New Business Models for the Gigabit Access Era|During the FTTH Conference 2017, Beltelecom and Huawei showcased their commercial Smart Home services. Beltelecom also highlighted the development history of the Smart Home service in Belarus, the problems it encountered, and how it closely cooperated with Huawei to solve the challenges it faced.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2017|Huawei and Analysys Mason Publish Report on Power Companies’ Deployment of Fiber Networks|During the FTTH Conference 2017, Huawei and leading telecoms consultancy Analysys Mason jointly published a market report analyzing the deployment of fiber networks among global power companies. The report examined potential business models and benefits for power companies constructing Fiber to the Home (FTTH) networks utilizing existing electricity infrastructure. The report also included valuable insights and operational best practices from recent case studies.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2017|Huawei Releases GigaHome Solution for Home Networks|Helping Telecom Operators Deliver a Premium Smart Home Service Experience|At the FTTH Conference 2017, Huawei officially released its GigaHome solution designed to help operators build smart and easy-to-use home networks offering a premium service experience for users. At the conference Huawei demonstrated how the GigaHome solution supports multiple digital home applications to deliver a smart home service that gives users convenience, security, accessibility and efficiency.
NEWS | FEB 16, 2017|ORANGE GROUP AND HUAWEI ANNONCE THEIR PARTNERSHIP IN 5G & CLOUDIFICATION|Orange Group and Huawei announce today that they have signed a partnership to cooperate in 5G|cloudification. Teams of both companies will work together on these technologies and related use cases, in order to foster 5G innovation on three areas: infrastructure, operations, and ecosystem development.
NEWS | FEB 16, 2017|Huawei and Qualcomm successfully conduct the first announced comprehensive test of LTE TM9 with 8x2 MIMO|Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, completed the first announced 8-port 8x2 MIMO test based on LTE transmission mode (TM) 9 in 4.5G interoperability testing. The test used Huawei's unique 3DB AAU (8T8R) solution and the Qualcomm Snapdragon X16 LTE modem. Through MU-MIMO, several Snapdragon X16 LTE modem mobile test devices received the same 20MHz spectrum with each of them reaching a peak rate of 188.3Mbps. The tests demonstrate successful innovation in LTE-FDD with multi-antenna technology.
NEWS | FEB 16, 2017|Telefónica, Huawei and Kamstrup Launch First Project with NarrowBand IoT Technology in Latin America|In conjunction with one of the leading water utility companies in Chile; Telefnica, Huawei and Kamstrup have successfully deployed their first project with real user data using NarrowBand IoT technology (NB-IoT).
NEWS | FEB 15, 2017|Huawei, Vodafone and Qualcomm create world's first LAA ready commercial network|Huawei, Vodafone and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, have worked together on a project in Turkey to create the world's first network ready to use Licensed-Assisted Access (LAA) technology, based on the 3GPP R13 standard.
NEWS | FEB 15, 2017|Huawei TE10 Cloud Video Endpoint Wins iF Design Award 2017|The iF International Forum Design GmbH has announced that the Huawei TE10 huddle-room cloud video endpoint has won an iF Design Award for 2017. The award is the result of the products sleek appearance, easy-to-deploy features, seamless integration of software and hardware, and lightweight, interactive design.
NEWS | FEB 15, 2017|Huawei Releases Industry’s First Terabit-level Cloud-based Integrated Security Gateway|Today at RSA Conference 2017, Huawei released the industrys first terabit-level cloud integrated security gateway, USG9000V. This product is designed to provide high-performance, easy-to-manage, and comprehensive software-based virtual network security protection in order to meet the needs of simple security service deployment, rapid service rollout, flexible capacity expansion, and efficient OM|thus helping enterprises improve cloud-based security capabilities.
NEWS | FEB 14, 2017|Huawei and Deutsche Post DHL take on US$1.9 trillion (€1.77 trillion) connected logistics market with Internet of Things partnership|Huawei announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with DPDHL Supply Chain, the worldrsquo;s leading mail and Logistics Company, to develop a range of supply chain solutions for customers using industrial-grade Internet of Things (IoT) hardware and infrastructure.
NEWS | FEB 14, 2017|Huawei Signs MoU with Avira to Announce Partnership on Cloud-Based Zero Day and Malware Protection|On the second day of RSA2017, Huawei and Avira signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and announced a partnership to deliver cloud-based zero day and malware protection worldwide. The partnership will allow Huawei to provide customers with optimized content security protection by increasing detection rates without detracting from performance.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2017|Huawei's Pre-MWC 2017 Briefing for Open Discussion of ROADS to New Growth|Huawei held a pre-MWC 2017 briefing today in London, during which Huawei Carrier BG President Zou Zhilei noted that a Better Connected World is fast approaching. He emphasized that Huawei is committed to becoming a partner of operators and an enabler for their digital transformation and business success so as to jointly achieve value-driven growth.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2017|Huawei Remote Control Series Wins iF Design Award|Recently, the globally renowned iF Design Award, known as the "Design Oscars", unveiled its winners. With the design concept "unibody casing, touch surface, and simple design", Huaweis remote control series impressed 58 professional judges from around the world, to claim the iF design award. Huaweis remote faced competition from over 5500 product candidates from 59 countries.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2017|Huawei Next-Generation Indoor AP7X52 Series Access Points Win iF Design Award|At the 2017 iF International Industrial Design Forum, Huawei's next-generation AP7X52 series Access Points (Aps) won the iF Design Award. Amongst tens of thousands of product designs, the APs were given the award in recognition of their compact system layout and advanced heat dissipation design.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2017|Huawei Completes First Commercial Use of Butterfly Site in Bangladesh|Huaweis Butterfly site solution, a part of the companys rural network offering, has seen its first commercial deployment completed in Bangladesh. This solution is ideal for extending network services to vast rural areas where previously no networks were available. The deployment results show that butterfly sites reduced the total cost of ownership (TCO) by approximately 30% compared to traditional three-sector sites. This makes rural areas more profitable for network coverage.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2017|China Mobile Hong Kong Leads Telecoms Industry to Activate Cloud Era in Hong Kong with New Cloud Core Network|China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited (CMHK or the Company) and Huawei announced they have successfully migrated CMHK services to an NFV-based cloud core network for commercial use. The move demonstrates CMHKs pioneering role among Hong Kong telecom operators in the cloud era as all service indicators met expectations following the migration earlier in the month.
NEWS | FEB 09, 2017|Technology Underused in Education in Asia: Vast Potential from Process Redesign to Remote Learning|Huawei Technologies and CSR Asia today launched a white paper on current use and potential for Information Communication Technology (ICT) in education across China and ASEAN. The Role of ICT in Realising Education for all by 2030 - Achieving Sustainable Development Goal Four is the title of the paper. It focuses on the role that technology can play in helping achieve United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) number four (SDG4), which prioritises equitable access to quality education for all ages and aims to fill gaps in education systems worldwide.
NEWS | FEB 08, 2017|Huawei’s LampSite 3.0 and AtomCell BTS3912E Both Win iF Industrial Design Awards|Huaweis latest Small Cell products LampSite 3.0 and AtomCell BTS3912E, have both won iF Design Awards at the 2017 iF International Industrial Design Forum. The Huawei solutions were awarded for their beautiful and simple industrial design, tools free deployment and efficient heat dissipation abilities.
NEWS | FEB 08, 2017|Huawei’s 3D 18-Sector Solution Drives 3.5 Fold Increase in Single-Site Capacity|Recently, Huawei released an innovative 3D 18-sector solution to meet the large capacity requirements of ultra-high traffic scenarios. This unprecedented, innovative, industry-leading solution allows for deployment of 18 sectors at a single site, delivering 3.5 times the network capacity of traditional three-sector solutions.
NEWS | FEB 06, 2017|Huawei Extends its Cooperation with Red Hat to Public and NFV Clouds|Huawei and Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE: RHT) announced today they are expanding their cooperation to include public and network functions virtualization (NFV) clouds. The announcement expands upon previously announced collaborations between Huawei and Red Hat to deliver OpenStack-based solutions (December 2014) and carrier-grade software-defined networking (SDN) solutions (June 2016). The new strategic business and engineering cooperation is designed to enable Huawei customers to use Red Hat Enterprise Linux for critical services both on-premises and on Huawei's public cloud platform. In addition, the expanded collaboration is aimed at providing a new solution portfolio for carriers to build NFV clouds.
NEWS | FEB 06, 2017|Huawei and Oracle Officially Sign Power IoT Ecosystem Partnership MOU|Huawei and Oracle officially signed a Power IoT Ecosystem Partnership MOU recently, which will see continued cooperation around the marketing and sales of the Huawei AMI Solution with Oracle Utilities Meter Data Management (MDM), Oracle Utilities Smart Grid Gateway (SGG) and related Oracle Utilities products.
NEWS | JAN 30, 2017|TELEFÓNICA SELECTS HUAWEI TO BUILD LARGE SCALE VIRTUAL EPC NETWORK IN 13 COUNTRIES AS PART OF ITS UNICA PROGRAM|Telefnica announced today its cooperation with Huawei in virtual enviroments. The two companies are building a large scale virtual Evolved Packet Core (vEPC), a framework for providing converged voice and data on 4G Long-Term Evolution (LTE) networks, in Latin America and Europe. This vEPC network will cover eleven countries in Latin America: Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Mxico, Colombia, Peru, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, El Salvador and Guatemala; and two in Europe: Germany and Spain.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Empowers IoT “GLocal” Ecosystem at CEBIT 2018|The first Huawei Europe IoT Business Acceleration Summit was hosted on June 13th during CEBIT in Hannover, under the theme of Eco-Connect to Play the IoT Symphony.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Releases the Highly Reliable, High-Performance SAP HANA TDI Solution|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei release the SAP HANA Tailored Datacenter Integration (TDI) solution. This elastic, reliable, and efficient solution fully satisfies the data center and business consolidation needs of large enterprises.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Showcases Latest Innovations to Help Businesses Go Digital at Interop Tokyo 2018|Huawei today launched a range of innovative products and solutions to help enterprises go digital at Interop Tokyo 2018, Japans biggest ICT trade show.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Works Together With Mobile Industry to Deliver Complete 5G System Standard On Time|3GPP TSG #80 Plenary Meeting has approved the completion of the standalone (SA) Release 15 5G specifications.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei’s OceanConnect IoV Platform Awarded Best Connected Vehicle Solution|At Smart Transportation|Mobility Summit 2018, one part of the largest and most influential technology feast in Europe|London Tech Week, Huaweis OceanConnect IoV (Internet of Vehicles) Platform was awarded the Best Connected Vehicle Solution.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2018|Huawei Atlas Intelligent Cloud Hardware Platform Wins the Best of Show Award- Runners Up at Interop Tokyo 2018|At Interop Tokyo 2018, Huawei's Atlas intelligent cloud hardware platform won the Best of Show Award- Runners Up.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Huawei Announces Launch of Hybrid Cloud Solution for Microsoft Azure Stack at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei launched its hybrid cloud solution for Microsoft Azure Stack.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Huawei Launches Smart Airport 2.0 Solution at CEBIT 2018|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei proudly launched its Smart Airport 2.0 Solution that covers a wide range of aspects such as visualized operational processes, visualized safety, visualized services, and airport IoT.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Huawei Launches the Intent-Driven Networking for CloudFabric Solution|At CEBIT 2018, which was held in Hannover, Germany, Huawei announced a comprehensive upgrade of the CloudFabric solution that makes it easier for customers to adopt intent-driven networking for their data centers.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Huawei and Purple Jointly Unveil the Business-Centric Precision Marketing Solution to Maximize Business Value|At the CEBIT 2018, Huawei and Purple, an industry-leading Wi-Fi application service provider, jointly announced the Business-Centric Precision Marketing Solution for the business market.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Nations Improving Technology Also Improve Sustainability: Health, Education & Infrastructure Most Impacted|Nations investing in technology infrastructure make faster, more efficient progress towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), according to a report released by Huawei today in London, England.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2018|Huawei Debuts OceanConnect IoV Platform to Digitize Every Vehicle|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei released the OceanConnect IoV (Internet of Vehicles) Platform enabling intelligent and connected vehicles, service transformation for automobile manufacturers, and the evolution of intelligent transportation.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei Launches the Industry-Oriented Intent-Driven Network Solution|Today, Huawei launched its Industry-Oriented Intent-Driven Network (IDN) Solution at CEBIT 2018, held in Hannover, Germany.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei and DU-IT Help Duisburg Become a Smart City|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei and the DU-IT GmbH, a municipal subsidiary of Duisburger Versorgungs- und Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH (DVV) signed a Framework Agreement on the Rhine Cloud brand and Smart City services.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei Launches FusionCloud 6.3 Solution to Accelerate Enterprise Cloud Migration and Innovation|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei officially releases FusionCloud 6.3, a next-generation enterprise-class full-stack private cloud solution.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei Releases Its Latest IoT and AI Products, Creating Intelligent and Connectivity Genes for Digital Enterprises|At CEBIT 2018, Huawei released its latest IoT and AI products to help enterprises create intelligent and connectivity genes to build digital neurons and accelerate digital enterprise transformation.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei Plays the Digital Transformation Symphony at CEBIT 2018|From June 11 to June 15, Huawei will be at CEBIT 2018 exhibiting its digital innovations under the theme of Leading New ICT, The Road to Digital Transformation.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Entel Peru, Together with Huawei, Plans to Deploy the First 4T6S Network in Latin America|Entel Peru and Huawei recently completed the first successful commercial test of 4T6S in Latin America.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2018|Huawei and Unifly Collaborate to Identify and Track Drone Flights|Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd and Unifly N.V have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to cooperate in the field of Unmanned Traffic Management (UTM) systems.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2018|Huawei Completes BSIMM Assessment of its Industry-Leading Software Security Capabilities|Huawei has become part of a select international group that has completed an assessment of its software security process and engineering capabilities with the Building Security in Maturity Model (BSIMM).
NEWS | JUN 07, 2018|Huawei FusionAccess Reported as No. 1 in China's Desktop Virtualization Market|In the latest PRC VCC Software Tracker 2017H2 report presented by IDC, a global leading consultancy, the Huawei FusionAccess desktop cloud solution firmly holds the No. 1 place in China's desktop cloud market in 2017.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2018|Celebrating Our First 20 Years in Brazil: Huawei Chairman Dr. Howard Liang Discusses a New Era for the Digital Economy|Huawei Chairman Dr. Howard Liang recently visited Brazil to attend events to mark Huawei's 20th year in that country.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2018|Fourth Annual Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day: Innovating for a Digital Asia-Pacific|The fourth Huawei Asia-Pacific Innovation Day was held in Bangkok today.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2018|Huawei Releases World's First 3GPP R14-based Commercial NB-IoT Solution|Huawei recently released the world's first 3GPP R14-based commercial NB-IoT solution in eRAN13.1. This latest NB-IoT solution can provide much better performance than its predecessors.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2018|Huawei Rises to Second Place in Global Enterprise Network Equipment Market, According to Gartner Report|Huawei saw rapid year-over-year revenue growth in the global enterprise network equipment market in 2017 and moved from 3rd place in 2016 to 2nd place in 2017 in global market share ranking, according to Gartner's recently released Market Share Analysis: Enterprise Network Equipment, Worldwide, 2017.
NEWS | JUN 05, 2018|SEAX-1 Submarine Cable System Ready for Provisional Acceptance|Super SEA Cable Networks Pte Ltd (SEAX), together with the supplier Huawei International and Huawei Marine Networks, today announced that following successful completion of construction and end-to-end testing, the SEAX-1 Cable System has achieved RFPA (Ready for Provisional Acceptance) on 29 May 2018.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2018|Huawei and Orange Spain finalize the construction of 200 Gbps Backbone Network|Huawei and Orange Spain have finalized the construction of their national network, featuring long distance transmission with the largest capacity in the world - up to 96x200 gigabits per second (Gbps), which will cover distances of almost 1,000 km without regeneration.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2018|Huawei Announced Its Intelligent Computing Initiative, Leading the Intelligent Computing Industry|Today, Huawei announced its Intelligent Computing initiative, based on its Boundless Computing strategy.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2018|Tunisie Telecom and Huawei to Build Fastest LTE Network in Tunisia with 4T4R|A test of All Business Connected@LTE technologies, including 4T4R, Carrier Aggregation, and 256QAM, jointly performed by Tunisie Telecom and Huawei saw a single user peak throughput of 706.14 Mbps acheived on a commercial network - a record-breaking high for Tunisia.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2018|Huawei Proposes Transition to Indoor Digital System with LampSite Family Solution|Huawei has proposed that the indoor coverage industry transition to the Indoor Digital System (IDS), which is the architecture definition of indoor digitalization.
NEWS | MAY 30, 2018|Laos and Huawei enhance nation ICT development|Lao President H.E. Bounnhang Vorachit met with Huawei Southeast Asia Region President James Wu in Diaoyutai State Guesthouse.
NEWS | MAY 30, 2018|Huawei’s SDSec Solution Wins ‘ONUG Right Stuff Innovation Award’|Huaweis SDSec Solution has won an ONUG Right Stuff Innovation Award at the Open Networking User Group (ONUG) Spring 2018 conference in San Francisco.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2018|IDC Report: Huawei Takes 2nd Spot in Global Software Defined Compute Market|According to the latest 2017H2 SDC Software Tracker released by IDC, Huawei takes the 2nd spot in the global software-defined compute (SDC) market, and continues to hold the top spot in China's cloud system software (CSS) market, which shows customers' growing confidence in Huawei's FusionSphere cloud OS products, both in and outside of China.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2018|Huawei’s LampSite Libero Solution Wins Small Cell Forum 'Deployment of New Architectures Enabling the Dense HetNet' Award|At the 2018 Small Cell World Summit London, Huaweis LampSite Libero solution has been presented with the Deployment of New Architectures Enabling the Dense HetNet award by the Small Cell Forum in recognition of the solutions excellent wireless backhaul capability, flexible installation, and simplified deployment.
NEWS | MAY 29, 2018|AI is Redefining Connectivity and a New Cycle of Economic Growth, reports Huawei Global Connectivity Index 2018|Artificial Intelligence (AI) is driving a paradigm shift in how nations prepare for the digital economy and could almost double the value of the global digital economy to $23 trillion by 2025 from $12.9 trillion in 2017 when it accounted for 17.1% of global GDP.
NEWS | MAY 28, 2018|Huawei Partners IMDA on Seeds for the Future Programme|Huawei and Singapores Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) has collaborated on the Seeds for the Future programme where 10 Singaporean undergraduates will embark on a two-week learning journey to China.
NEWS | MAY 24, 2018|Europe must build on its strengths and encourage digital investment|To remain competitive and build on its many strengths, Europe should enact regulations that encourage investment in digital infrastructure while stimulating demand for digital services.
NEWS | MAY 24, 2018|Huawei's New-Generation Intelligent All-Flash Storage Takes a Lead in SPEC® NAS Performance Testing|During the SPEC SFS2014_swbuild benchmark test, organized by Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation (SPEC), Huawei's new-generation intelligent all-flash storage OceanStor 6800F V5 provides 500,009 operations per second (OPS), surpassing its competitors in all-flash Network Attached Storage (NAS) performance.
NEWS | MAY 24, 2018|Huawei Wins "Best MANO Solution (Vendor)" Award|Huawei won the "Best MANO Solution (Vendor)" award at the Network Virtualization Europe. This award reflects the industry's high recognition of Huaweis MANO solution in terms of technical leadership, standardization and openness, and global business performance.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2018|MTN South Africa and Huawei Jointly Launch the First Commercial 2G, 3G, 4G & NB-IoT Spectrum Sharing Solution (CloudAIR 2.0)|In a global first, MTN SA have successfully commercially deployed Huaweis CloudAIR 2.0 solution to share spectrum between 2G, 3G, 4G and NB-IoT radio technologies in the 900MHz band.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2018|NTT DOCOMO and Huawei Prove IAB’s Value in 5G Test Using 39 GHz Band|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO, INC. marked another milestone in their joint 5G trials by completing a successful trial of Integrated Access Backhaul (IAB) technology using the 39GHz millimeter wave (mmWave) band.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2018|Huawei Honored with Vodafone ‘Supplier of the Decade’ Award|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced that it has been named Supplier of the Decade by Vodafone.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2018|Huawei and PLA Vietnam Successfully Deploy LampSite Sharing Multi-operator Solution for Indoor Coverage|Recently, Huawei and PLA jointly announced the successful deployment of the first multi-operator indoor digital system in Vietnam based on LampSite Sharing, a leading indoor digital coverage solution that features multi-operator access.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2018|Huawei Wins Thailand Prime Minister Award: National Startup 2018|Huawei Technologies (Thailand) Co., Ltd. has received the Prime Minister Award: National Startup 2018 in the Corporate Contributor of the Year category.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2018|A Better-Connected Future for Youth: Huawei ICT Competition 2018 Draws Over 40,000 Student Participants from 32 Countries|Huaweis ICT Competition 2018 Global Final has awarded two first prizes to teams from the Shenzhen Institute of Information Technology and Shenzhen Polytechnic.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2018|Huawei Releases Proposal for Belarus National ICT Priorities, Helping Build an IT Belarus|Recently, Huawei and a leading consulting firm released the National ICT Priorities for the Republic of Belarus at TIBO-2018, an international forum for telecommunications, information, and banking technologies.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2018|Huawei Launches eLTE Multimedia Critical Communications System|Huawei launched its eLTE Multimedia Critical Communications System (eLTE MCCS) today at Critical Communications World 2018.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2018|China Mobile (Beijing) and Huawei Sign MoU on Joint Innovation in Big Video and Premium Networks|China Mobile (Beijing) and Huawei signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in Shenzhen on joint innovation in big video and premium networks.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2018|Huawei to Orchestrate the Symphony of Digital Transformation at CEBIT 2018|Huawei today attended the CEBIT Preview 2018 in Hannover, Germany. With a new format, CEBIT 2018 will deliver an international business festival for innovation and digitization featuring new themes, new activities, and a new look and feel.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2018|Huawei and Dubai Tourism Sign Global Strategic Partnership|Huaweis Consumer Business Group has signed a Global Strategic Partnership agreement with Dubais Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing (Dubai Tourism).
NEWS | MAY 11, 2018|Huawei Earns the Recommended Ranking in DCIG's Evaluation of All-Flash Storage|The world-famous technical analysis organization, DCIG, released the 2018-19 All-Flash Array Buyer's Guide, in which Huawei's all-flash array earned the Recommended Ranking.
NEWS | MAY 10, 2018|Huawei Empowers Japan's CyberAgent to Build an IDN-Capable Cloud Data Center Network with All-Fixed Switches|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2018 (HAS 2018), the Japanese Internet company CyberAgent, Inc. made the following announcement with Huawei: With the help of Huawei's CloudFabric solution, CyberAgent, Inc. successfully built a cloud data center network with Intent-Driven Network (IDN) capabilities and comprised fully of fixed switches.
NEWS | MAY 09, 2018|Huawei Launches New Solutions to Drive the Development of an Intelligent Society at Huawei Asia Pacific ISP Summit 2018|Huawei Asia Pacific ISP Summit 2018 held today in Hong Kong gathered over 150 ISPs and industry experts from Southeast Asia to discuss how the ISP industry can advance digital transformation and unlock new opportunities to grow the digital economy in Asia Pacific.
NEWS | MAY 08, 2018|IDC Report: Huawei FusionCube Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Ranks No. 1 in China Market|In the China Hyperconverged Infrastructure Market Overview 4Q17 released by IDC, a world renowned consulting and service agency, Huawei's FusionCube ranks No. 1 by its leading technology power and strong market performance, which is underpinned by an over 200% year-on-year (YoY) growth rate of market share.
NEWS | MAY 04, 2018|5G is Now, Huawei invite ICT stakeholders in Spain to explore 5G together|Recently in Madrid, Huawei has presented its WEU 5G Roadshow 2018 programme.
NEWS | MAY 02, 2018|The Marine Survey for Huawei Marine’s PEACE Project is Underway|Huawei Marine has announced today that the marine survey for its PEACE (Pakistan|East Africa Connecting Europe) project is now underway.
NEWS | APR 28, 2018|Huawei MEC@CloudEdge Solution Wins ‘MEC Best Practice’ Award|Huawei MEC@CloudEdge solution wins MEC Best Practice Award at MEC Technology and Industry Development Summit.
NEWS | APR 27, 2018|Ping An Technology Quickly Rolls Out AI Customer Service with Huawei SD-WAN Solution|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2018, Ping An Technology, an industry-leading technology company, announced that it leveraged the Huawei SD-WAN solution to quickly roll out the AI customer service.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|China Unicom and Huawei Jointly Launch Industry-First 5G Edge-Cloud Smart Port Solution, Trial Already Started|China Unicom and Huawei jointly released industry-first 5G Edge-Cloud Smart Port Solution at the China Unicom Partner Conference|Communication Terminal Fair. This solution provides a fully connected wireless network for smart ports.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|Huawei and Industry Partners kicked off 5G-ACIA: Jointly Designing 5G for Industrial Use|The upcoming generation of mobile networks 5G is of great importance for industry.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|China Mobile and Huawei Jointly Build an E2E Open Lab|Based on Latest 5G Standards|China Mobile and Huawei jointly set up an end-to-end (E2E) Open Lab in Beijing based on the latest 5G standards during China Mobile 5G Innovation Center's Partner Conference. The two parties also teamed up to showcase 4K ultra-high-definition (UHD) live VR application.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|Huawei FusionServer 2488H V5 SAP HANA Appliance Breaks the Record in SAP BW edition for SAP HANA Standard Application Benchmark Version 2|In the recent SAP BW edition for SAP HANA Standard Application Benchmark Version 2, the Huawei FusionServer 2488H V5 SAP HANA appliance broke the record by demonstrating excellent results of 6,781 queries per hour in the Benchmark Phase 2 query throughput phase.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|Huawei Wins Best Solution Provider Award at MVNOs World Congress 2018|Huaweis Dealer Agent Cloud has been named Best Solution Provider at the MVNOs World Congress 2018 in Madrid.
NEWS | APR 26, 2018|Huawei Wins Two Prizes at IMS World Forum|At the 2018 IMS World Forum, Huawei won the Best 5G Real-time Communication Evolution Strategy and the Best IMS Solution awards.
NEWS | APR 25, 2018|Huawei: Build a Better Connected Platform for Digital Banks, Bringing Infinite Future Possibilities|The concept of digital banking is being implemented globally.
NEWS | APR 24, 2018|Edge Computing New Breakthrough Bridges the “Last Mile” for Industrial Internet|At the world's largest industrial fair HANNOVER MESSE 2018, more than 20 international organizations and leading industry vendors jointly announced the Time-Sensitive Networking (TSN) + OPC Unified Architecture (OPC UA) smart manufacturing testbed covering six major industrial Internet scenarios.
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|Huawei Empowers Digital Industrial Transformation with Innovative New ICT Solutions Released at HANNOVER MESSE 2018|At HANNOVER MESSE 2018, Huawei is showcasing its innovative solutions and best practices for digital industrial transformation under the theme of "Leading New ICT, Connecting Bits|Gears".
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|Huawei-Groupe PSA’s First Connected Vehicle|Debuts at HANNOVER MESSE 2018|Huawei and Groupe PSA today showcased a DS 7 CROSSBACK, the first connected vehicle resulting from their partnership covering all of the Groups connected vehicles, announced in November 2017.
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|Beckhoff and Huawei Wireless X Labs Jointly Demonstrate|Next Step to the 5G Factory of Tomorrow|Huawei and Beckhoff Automation GmbH|Co. KG today demonstrated a key 5G technology for enabling the factory of tomorrow: the wireless Programmable Logic Controller (PLC).
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|PLAY and Huawei Implement Innovative RAN-Terminal Coordination to Deliver Ubiquitous and Superior Mobile Video Experience|PLAY and Huawei announced that they have jointly implemented innovative RAN-terminal coordination to improve the user-perceived rate of mobile video services by 50% in weak coverage scenarios.
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|China Unicom and Huawei Sign a Joint Innovation Agreement on 5G Network Slicing|China Unicom and Huawei have signed a joint innovation agreement on 5G network slicing.
NEWS | APR 23, 2018|Huawei Launches Three-Layered Open SD-WAN Architecture and Cooperates with Industry Ecosystem to Enable B2B Service Innovation for Carriers|Huawei has launched its three-layered open SD-WAN architecture for the first time, working with partners to build a leading SD-WAN solution.
NEWS | APR 19, 2018|Huawei Storage with Enhanced Hybrid Cloud Capabilities Accelerates Enterprise Cloud Transformation|On the 15th Huawei Global Analyst Summit, Huawei discussed how to bring the efficiency and convenience of the cloud to more enterprises and leverage AI technologies to enable digital transformation.
NEWS | APR 19, 2018|Huawei Launches One UL2100 Solution to Accelerate 4.5G's and 5G's Introduction on 2100 MHz|Today is the day that Huawei launched the One UL2100 solution, featuring a series of innovative technologies such as software-defined antenna (SDA), UL Spectrum Sharing, and UL Zero Buffer Zone. The solution aims to assist with operator's evolution to 4.5G and 5G, unlock the full potential of 2100 MHz spectrum resources and site assets, and maximize return on investment (ROI) for customers.
NEWS | APR 19, 2018|Huawei's CloudEdge Solution Wins 2017 China Excellent SDN/NFV Case Award|Huawei CloudEdge won the 2017 China Excellent SDN/NFV Case Award today at the 2018 China SDN/NFV Conference in Beijing.
NEWS | APR 18, 2018|Ping An Technology and Huawei Sign Intent-Driven Network Joint Innovation Agreement to Promote Finance Industry Digital Transformation|Today, at the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2018, Huawei signed a joint innovation agreement with Ping An Technology, an industry-leading technology company.
NEWS | APR 18, 2018|Huawei Unveils PowerStar Solution at HAS 2018 to Help Reduce Carbon Footprint of Mobile Communications Networks|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS) 2018, Huawei launched PowerStar, a new solution which aims to reduce the energy consumption of multi-mode multi-band mobile communications networks.
NEWS | APR 18, 2018|Huawei's ‘One Cloud, One Lake, One Platform’ Architecture Accelerates Intelligent Transformation for Customers|At the 15th Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS2018), Huawei IT Product Line explores the business and technology values of IT infrastructure during digital transformation with the concept of Intelligent IT Inspires Digital Future.
NEWS | APR 18, 2018|New ROADS to an Intelligent World|At the 15th Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS), David Wang, Huawei Executive Director of the Board and President of Products|Solutions, unveiled the company's new three-layer innovation philosophy: product innovation, system architecture innovation, and business model innovation. The company's aim is to build an All Connected, All Cloud, and All Intelligent road to the intelligent world.
NEWS | APR 17, 2018|Huawei: Infusing Intelligence into Enterprise "Neurons" Through Digital Platforms|At Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2018, Huawei Enterprise Business Group (EBG) shared its understanding, approach, and practices of infusing artificial intelligence (AI) to each organization and functional module of an enterprise to improve the overall enterprise intelligence and accelerate digital transformation.
NEWS | APR 17, 2018|Huawei Breaks Ground for a Fully Connected, Intelligent World|Huawei held its 15th annual Global Analyst Summit today in Shenzhen, China. At the summit, Huawei shared its vision for an intelligent world of the future, as well as the trillions of dollars of new opportunities that will come along with it.
NEWS | APR 17, 2018|Huawei's Global Industry Vision 2025: Unfolding the Industry Blueprint of an Intelligent World|Huawei has released its Global Industry Vision (GIV) 2025, a new forward-looking report that provides quantitative and qualitative predictions about the future of industry and society.
NEWS | APR 16, 2018|Huawei Launches SingleRAN Pro to Tackle 5G Challenges and Create an Intelligent Digital World|Huawei has released its 5G-oriented SingleRAN Pro solution on the eve of the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2018. The solution features three stand out features: 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G on one network, an agile architecture for diverse services, and an automatic intelligent management system.
NEWS | APR 16, 2018|Huawei Obtains the World's First CE-TEC for 5G Products|Huaweirsquo;s 5G NR products have passed TUuml;V SUuml;D's (the European Union's certification authority) strict verification requirements after several rounds of rigorous testing and evaluation.
NEWS | APR 13, 2018|Huawei and Partners Strategize to Unlock ASEAN Digital Connectivity Growth|The Huawei Southern Pacific ISP Summit 2018 gathered over 150 analysts and key industry players to exchange views on how the ISP industry could speed up digital transformation and promote a single digital economy in ASEAN.
NEWS | APR 12, 2018|Huawei First to Complete IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group's|Core Network Test for 5G Non-Standalone|Huawei became the first vendor to pass Chinas 5G non-standalone (NSA) Core Network test. The test, which covers key Core Network technologies and service processes, is the third phase of the 5G RD trial.
NEWS | APR 12, 2018|Huawei Achieves UK Government Cyber Essentials Plus Certification|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, has today announced it has achieved Cyber Essentials Plus certification.
NEWS | APR 12, 2018|Huawei Receives Dutch Government Award|Huawei has received an award from the Dutch government honoring the companys contribution to Sino-Dutch cooperation and for being one of the biggest Chinese investors in the Netherlands.
NEWS | APR 12, 2018|Huawei Launches Metro Fabric Solution to Enable Carriers to Build DC-Centric Metro Networks|During the MPLS+SDN+NFV World Congress 2018, Huawei launched its Metro Fabric solution and the CX6600, a programmable, new generation, Metro Fabric-oriented router.
NEWS | APR 12, 2018|Huawei's SmartPCC Solution Wins "Best Service-based Architecture for 5G Evolution" Award|Huawei's SmartPCC solution won the Best Service-based Architecture for 5G Evolution award at the 2018 Policy Control Conference.
NEWS | APR 11, 2018|Huawei Wins the 2018 Red Dot Design Award with High-Performance Outdoor CPE B2368|The Red Dot Design Award 2018, known as the "Oscar" in the design industry, was recently announced in Essen, Germany. Huawei's outdoor CPE B2368 outshone more than 6000 entries from 60 countries and won the Red Dot Award 2018 for Product Design.
NEWS | APR 11, 2018|Huawei's Intent-Driven Network: Reshaping IP Network Architecture to Maximize Business Value|The Intelligent network is set to play an important role as we progress toward an intelligent society, according to Jeffrey Gao, President of Huawei's Router|Carrier Ethernet Product line, who was addressing over 200 industry professionals from major carriers, analysis firms, and Huawei partners, at the 8th Huawei IP Gala, which was being held at the MPLS + SDN + NFV World Congress 2018, in Paris.
NEWS | APR 11, 2018|Her Royal Highess Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Visits Huawei's Executive Briefing Center in Beijing|On 5 April 2018, Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn of the Kingdom of Thailand visited Huawei's Executive Briefing Center in Beijing. Li Jin'ge, Huawei's Senior Vice President, accompanied the delegation headed by the Princess and engaged the delegation in an informative dialogue.
NEWS | APR 10, 2018|Huawei Launches New OpenLab in Moscow|Huawei has announced the opening of OpenLab Moscow|a showroom and laboratory, for the companys engineers, partners and customers to jointly develop, customize and test new technological solutions. The Moscow OpenLab is the tenth that Huawei has opened to support enterprise customers globally.
NEWS | APR 10, 2018|Huawei SmartSite Wins Global Industrial “OSCARS”: iF and Reddot Awards|Huaweis SmartSite wireless deployment solution has won two OSCARS of industrial design: Germanys iF and Reddot prizes. The awards went to SmartSite in recognition of its artistic and practical design as well as its functionality. SmartSite was cited as an easy way to realize site digitization with one button to fulfill site sensors connection.
NEWS | APR 06, 2018|Huawei Outlines the Path to a 5G Era for Vietnam|At the 4G/5G International Conference 2018 in Hanoi today, Huawei outlined the path to a 5G Era for Vietnam.
NEWS | APR 03, 2018|Huawei and Cloud Security Alliance Sign MOU to Promote Industry Standards in Cloud Security Integration Domain|Huawei has signed an MOU with the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) to cooperate in cloud security integration, jointly promote industry cloud security standards and build a more open and secure cloud ecosystem.
NEWS | APR 03, 2018|MTN Nigeria and Huawei Jointly Complete the Commercial Deployment of RuralStar 2.0|MTN Nigeria and Huawei completed commercial deployment of the RuralStar 2.0 solution. The project provides low-cost long-distance voice and mobile broadband services for remote rural areas in Nigeria, helping to connect the unconnected. The voice and data traffic of new deployed RuralStar 2.0 sites exceed expectation, which reveals the enormous telecommunication demand in rural Nigeria.
NEWS | APR 03, 2018|Huawei Signs MoU with China Mobile Sichuan and Fonair Aviation to Build Cellular Test Networks for Logistics Drones|Huawei has signed a strategic cooperation memorandum of understanding (MoU) with China Mobile Group Sichuan Co., Ltd. and SF Express' Fonair Aviation Co., Ltd. The three parties will work together on cross-industry joint innovation, combining next-generation mobile communication technologies with logistics drones.
NEWS | APR 03, 2018|Huawei Ethernet Switches Maintain Leading Position Globally and Hold Top Spot in China for Third Consecutive Year|Huawei maintained strong momentum throughout 2017 and continued to play a leading role in the global Ethernet switch market, according to the Worldwide Quarterly Ethernet Switch Tracker 2017 Q4 report released by International Data Corporation (IDC). IDC noted that Huawei also held onto the top spot in the Chinese Ethernet switch market in 2017.
NEWS | SEP 09, 2016|Huawei KunLun EulerOS 2.0 Operating System Passes UNIX Certification|Today Huawei announced that its EulerOS 2.0 operating system for its KunLun mission critical servers has earned UNIX 03 certification from The Open Group. This means that Huawei EulerOS 2.0 has been officially certified as a UNIX system.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2016|Huawei Releases gMOS Criteria to Evaluate the Mobile Gaming Experience|At the recent HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Huawei released its Game Mean Opinion Score (gMOS) experience criteria for evaluating the subjective experience of mobile gaming. This is the first time in the industry that a unified and quantitative language has been released in this regard. This criteria provides clear quantitative counters and guidance for all participants in the mobile gaming ecosystem, including game developers, operators, and users.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2016|Huawei Releases Intel® Rack Scale Design-Based Servers|Huawei released new servers based on Intel Rack Scale Design (Intel RSD) architecture at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 . The introduction of the Huawei FusionServer E9000 Converged Architecture Blade Server and FusionServer X6800 High-Density Server highlights how Huaweis is striving to forge a new hyper-scale data center ecosystem.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2016|Huawei and ESI Sign a MoU to Innovate HPC for Industrial Manufacturing Acceleration|Huawei signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Paris-based ESI Group (ESI) at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 in Shanghai recently. The two parties will collaborate on High-Performance Computing (HPC) and cloud computing to provide innovative industrial manufacturing solutions for customers worldwide. They also jointly released a white paper on the Huawei HPC platform-based Virtual Performance Solution (VPS), which has its origins in PAM-CRASH, ESIs software package used for crash simulations.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2016|Huawei and ABB Sign a MOU on Cooperation at HUAWEI CONNECT|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Huawei signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on cooperation with ABB, a global leader in power and automation technologies.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2016|Huawei FusionInsight Big Data Platform Fuels Development and Application of Informatica PowerCenter Data Integration Solution|Huawei today announced that the Informatica PowerCenter data integration solution has earned Huawei Ready certification. Built on the Huawei FusionInsight Big Data platform, the solution provides extract, transform, and load (ETL) graphics functions. By employing powerful ETL graphics engines, the solution delivers unprecedented scalability and performance.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2016|Huawei Launches Cloud Fabric 5.0 Solution to Improve O&M Efficiency of DC SDN Networks|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 held in Shanghai, Huawei launched the Cloud Fabric 5.0 Solution for cloud services, with a Huawei Fabric Insight Refined Operations and Maintenance (OM) Solution as its core. The Fabric Insight Refined OM Solution locates faults within minutes through visualized network status measurement and management as well as Big Data-based intelligent analysis, helping customers improve OM efficiency and lower OM costs.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2016|Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang Hosts President of Republic Indonesia in Huawei Hangzhou R&D center|President of Republic of Indonesia, Joko Widodo, met with the Chairwoman of Huawei, Sun Yafang, during his visit to Hangzhou, China to attend the G20 Summit on Sunday. At this meeting, President Joko Widodo and Sun Yafang discussed strategies to develop the countrys digital economy and marine power, as well as optimize the use of ICT for efficiencies in government efforts. During this meeting, Sun Yafang also confirmed Huaweis commitment to continue supporting the development of Indonesias ICT industry and emphasized its readiness to help the government in digitizing Indonesia with its global experience and advanced technologies.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2016|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping Hails New Era of Alliances in the ICT Ecosystem – "An Age of Heroes"|On the third day of HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 in Shanghai, Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, and Huawei Products|Solutions President Ryan Ding took center stage. Guo Ping's keynote focused on Huawei's concept of a cloud ecosystem, and the actions the company has taken to contribute to its development. Borrowing a rich set of metaphors from the natural world, Guo described Huawei's role as the "soil" and energy in the ICT ecosystem of a budding smart society. In this role, the company aims to serve as a platform for growth, and support strong alliances that push the industry forward and promote ongoing social progress.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2016|Huawei Launches First Enterprise Solution Partner Program|At the Huawei Enterprise Partner Summit, held as part of HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Huawei officially launched its first Enterprise Solution Partner Program. Leveraging Huawei's leading ICT infrastructure, the new program will offer powerful support to companies which jointly develop solutions with Huawei to serve global customers.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2016|Huawei Unveils a New Generation All-Flash System to Speed up Enterprises' Core Applications|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Huawei officially unveiled its new-generation convergent all-flash System OceanStor Dorado V3, which is designed for enterprises' overloaded key applications. Featuring excellent performance, stability, reliability, and convergent efficiency, the new system can improve database performance twentyfold while ensuring service sustainability.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2016|Huawei Launches Industry First Full-Scenario Agile Controller 3.0|Huawei launched the first full-scenario Agile Controller 3.0 (AC 3.0) in the industry at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2016|Huawei and Infosys Launch New Financial Cloud Solution to Empower Bank 3.0|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 Huawei announced a new innovation from its industry collaborations in the financial sector: the New Financial Cloud Solution for Mission Critical jointly developed by Huawei and Infosys Finacle, designed to ease some of the IT challenges of the finance and banking sectors.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2016|Huawei Unveils MediaPad M3 Featuring Premium Audio and Multimedia Technology|At IFA 2016,Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled its newest flagship tablet, the HUAWEI MediaPad M3, and showcased the devices premium audio and multimedia capabilities designed in partnership with HARMAN international. The collaboration between Huawei and HARMAN brings together both brands expertise to deliver the most powerful and uncompromising tablet sound experience.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2016|Huawei Debuts New nova Series of Smartphones at IFA 2016|At IFA 2016,Huawei Consumer Business Group debuted the Huawei nova and Huawei nova plus, the first smartphones in the new series designed to meet the needs of todays most dynamic consumers. The new nova series features a stunning multi-curve design, camera advances for more vivid photography and performance updates for enhanced usability. Every feature of the Huawei nova and Huawei nova plus is designed to support consumers fast-paced lifestyles and express their unique personalities, whether that means capturing the perfect selfie or taking thousands of shots on a single charge. Huawei also announced new color options for the awarding-winning Huawei P9 smartphone.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2016|Huawei Announces Release of 31 FusionCloud Services, FusionStorage 6.0 and the FusionStage PaaS Platform|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Zheng Yelai, President of Huawei IT Product Line, delivered a speech entitled: Shape the Cloud, Bridge Today to Tomorrow, where he announced the release of 31 FusionCloud services, FusionStorage 6.0, and the FusionStage PaaS platform.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2016|Huawei Launches Agile Network 2016|Huawei announced its Agile Network 2016 brand new solutions and services at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2016|Huawei and Accenture Demonstrate Growing Market Momentum in Helping Businesses|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 Huawei and Accenture underscored the momentum of their existing alliance agreement and expanded on their future goals. The two companies jointly provide verified enterprise SAP and Oracle cloud solutions which are based on Huawei FusionCloud solutionfor global enterprise customers' core applications to provide one-stop service.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2016|Huawei Shapes Industry Cloud with Leading New ICT, Driving Business Reinvention|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, Huawei announced a series of new solutions with Accenture, along with the results of its newly conducted research with Forrester on digital transformation across industries.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2016|Huawei Launches Safe City Integrated Communication Platform at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, officially unveiled its Integrated Communication Platform (ICP) today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 in Shanghai. The platform is a new addition to Huawei's range of Safe City solutions featuring extensive connectivity and high visibility. The platform can pick up alerts from various channels via social media, Internet of Things and etc, and can also quickly and extensively access videos. It enables fast response and handling of security alerts, streamlined coordination of different first responder departments, and granular, informed command decisions.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2016|Huawei Fully Unveils Its Cloud Strategy at HUAWEI CONNECT: A Commitment to Enabling an Intelligent World with Ecosystem Partners|More than 20,000 ICT industry leaders and experts from over 120 countries and regions gathered today for the very first HUAWEI CONNECT, Huawei's largest-ever integrated conference for the global ICT ecosystem. Held in Shanghai, the theme of this three-day event is "Shape the Cloud," aimed at exploring cloud era trends and how different industries can achieve digital transformation by developing cloud technology and contributing to the cloud ecosystem.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2016|Huawei and OVUM Whitepaper Shows Huge Growth in 4G Mobile Video Use by 2020|According to a joint whitepaper from Huawei and OVUM, a leading global technology research and advisory firm, by 2020, mobile video usage will have increased to about 75% of total 4G traffic, up from just 15% in 2016.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2016|Huawei Demonstrates First ADN Prototype at Sigcomm 2016|Huawei 2012 Labs has demonstrated its first Application-Driven Network (ADN) prototype at ACM Sigcomm 2016, the flagship conference for computer networks and communications.
NEWS | AUG 26, 2016|Huawei Inaugurates Largest Global Service Center in India|Huaweis largest Global Service Center (GSC) in Bengaluru was today inaugurated by Shri Manoj Sinha, the Honorable Minister of State (I/C) for Communications and Minister of State for Railways of the Government of India.
NEWS | AUG 25, 2016|Huawei Provides Mobile Video Live Broadcasting for ICT for Sporting Events Industry Summit in Indonesia|During the ICT for Sporting Events Industry Summit in Indonesia, Huawei provided online live broadcasting of the industry summit via the Facebook Live video platform.
NEWS | AUG 25, 2016|Huawei WTTx Debuts at ICT for Sporting Events Industry Summit|Today, at the ICT for Sporting Events Industry Summit in Indonesia, Huawei showcased a virtual reality (VR) experience based on its Wireless-to-the-x (WTTx) solution.
NEWS | AUG 24, 2016|Huawei Ranked a Strong Performer in Hyperconverged Infrastructure Evaluation by Forrester|Huawei, was called a Strong Performer in "The Forrester Wave: Hyperconverged Infrastructure (HCI), Q3 2016" released by Forrester, a global IT research and advisory firm. As the only Chinese vendor who participated in the research, Huawei was named a Strong Performer for its hyperconverged architecture product FusionCube, which, in our opinion, is very impressive for a first participant. We believe the result not only proves the powerful capabilities and competitiveness of Huawei FusionCube but also confirms industry recognition from customers and analysts.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2016|Huawei Hosts Baroness Neville-Rolfe, Minister for Energy and Intellectual Property, in Shenzhen HQ, China|The Minister of State for Energy and Intellectual Property, Baroness Neville-Rolfe today attended the closing ceremony of Huaweis undergraduate programme, Seeds for the Future, where she was hosted by Ms Chen Lifang, Director of the Board and Senior Vice-President, Huawei. As part of Baroness Neville-Rolfes visit to China, the IP Minister and members of the Intellectual Property Office and other delegates met with Huaweis Council General, Dr. Song Liu Ping, to learn more about Huaweis strategy and achievements to date in IP. The visiting party were also given a tour of the Huawei RD centre and Headquarters campus.
NEWS | AUG 22, 2016|Huawei to Hold First-ever HUAWEI CONNECT Conference to "Shape the Cloud"|[Beijing, China, August 22, 2016] Huawei today held a media pre-briefing to announce details about HUAWEI CONNECT 2016, an event that will take place in Shanghai from August 31 to September 2, 2016. HUAWEI CONNECT 2016 is Huawei's first global annual flagship event that targets the entire ICT industry, and this year's event will center on the theme of "Shape the Cloud".
NEWS | AUG 22, 2016|Huawei Ranked No.1 for Revenue Growth in TBR’s Data Center Benchmark Report for Two Consecutive Quarters|Technology Business Research (TBR), a leading ICT market research and consulting firm, has released a Data Center Benchmark report, which has ranked Huaweis data centers as the No.1 globally with a revenue growth rate of 24.7% in Q1 2016.
NEWS | AUG 22, 2016|Huawei’s FastConnect Fibre Access Terminal Wins Red Dot Award for its Design Concept|Huawei announced today that its FastConnect FAT (Fiber Access Terminal) won the annual Red Dot Award for its Design Concept. The innovative ergonomic design of the FastConnect connector provides a unique spatial layout, which facilitates installation and removal of drop cables and ensures a proper bending radius.
NEWS | AUG 19, 2016|Huawei Launches the World's First SG178 BTS Antenna Testing System|Huawei launched the worlds first SG178 multi-probe spherical near-field testing system, supporting radiating characteristics testing for Base Transceiver Station (BTS) antenna during product development and production. This testing system doubles the test accuracy compared to indoor far field and near field test range and supports more antenna types and wider frequency bands. In addition, it is the only testing system in the industry to support active antenna and Massive MIMO (multiple-input multiple-output) OTA (Over-The-Air) tests.
NEWS | AUG 19, 2016|Huawei Agile Network Deployed at Lincoln University|Lincoln University today hosted an open day to showcase a major overhaul of its campus network by deploying Huaweis Agile Education Campus Network Solution to create a new, highly reliable network which delivers high bandwidth, provides total Wi-Fi coverage, and is easy to manage and maintain. The solution will boost connectivity for all users on campus and make life much easier for network administrators performing operations and maintenance (OM) or introducing new services.
NEWS | AUG 19, 2016|Huawei Maintains Leadership in Global Billing Mediation Market|According to recently released research by Stratecast | Frost|Sullivan titled Global CSP Billing 2016 Edition Part 2: Billing Mediation Forecast and Market Share Analysis, Huawei continues to maintain its leadership within the billing mediation market. This research is based on analysis of approximately 50 billing suppliers delivering billing mediation functionality to all global markets. Stratecast | Frost|Sullivan believes Huaweis strength in mediation lies within the company's product portfolio that addresses all end-to-end billing functions and through its growth within the mediation domain, which it has done without any merger and acquisition (MA) activity.
NEWS | AUG 17, 2016|Sri Lanka Seeks Further Cooperation with Huawei|During his visit to Huawei's headquarters in Shenzhen, Hon. Ranil Wickremesinghe, prime minister of Sri Lanka and the ambassador of Chinese Embassy in Sri Lanka jointly witnessed the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on ICT cooperation between the Sri Lankan Ministry of Telecommunication and Digital Infrastructure and Huawei Sri Lanka. The MoU demonstrates the Sri Lankan government's commitment to furthering its cooperation with Huawei. Hon. Ranil Wickremesinghe visited Huawei's new ICT industry exhibition hall and had a friendly meeting with Mr. Li Jinge, senior vice president, Huawei.
NEWS | AUG 17, 2016|Huawei Marine Partners with Belize Telemedia to|Deploy New Undersea Cable System|Huawei and Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. , a global submarine cable network provider - have teamed up with Belize Telemedia Ltd. (BTL) to build an undersea cable system that will connect Belize mainland and San Pedro Island.
NEWS | AUG 15, 2016|Turkcell Group and Huawei Signed a MoU to activate the Customer Business Partnership Program|Huawei and Turkcell Group, leading 4.5G operator in Turkey, had announcedon June 25, 2016 that they have entered into a new level of strategic partnership. Both companies have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to activate the Customer Business Partnership Program (CBPP). The MoU was signed at Huawei HQ by Mr. Kaan Terzioğlu., Turkcell CEO, and Mr. Liu Hongyun, Huawei CAC Regional President.
NEWS | AUG 11, 2016|Huawei Accomplishes Indoor Digitalization for Jakarta International Airport with Hutchison 3 Indonesia|Working along with one of Indonesias leading mobile operator Hutchison 3 Indonesia, Huawei has successfully done commercial launch of LampSite at Jakarta International Airport (Soekarno - Hatta Airport). With this launch, significant gains have been realized by Hutchison 3 Indonesia in terms of increase in voice and data traffic.
NEWS | AUG 11, 2016|Huawei Sustainability Report Focuses On Bridging the Digital Divide and Climate Change|Huawei today launched its 2015 Sustainability Report entitled Connecting the Future which sets out its contribution during the past year to the fight against global climate change, new initiatives to address the digital divide, the companys responsibility to maintain the stability and security of telecommunications networks, and its work in supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
NEWS | AUG 11, 2016|Huawei Shares Research on Adaptive Randomized Parallelism Theory for Application-Driven Network Control Systems at ICCCN 2016|Gong Zhang, Director of the Future Network Theory Laboratory under Huawei's 2012 Laboratories, gave a plenary speech with the theme of Application-driven Network: From Network Engineering to Network Science, at the International Conference on Computer Communication and Networks 2016 (ICCCN). During the conference, he also shared Huawei's latest research achievements into Adaptive Randomized Parallelism (ARP) theory.
NEWS | AUG 08, 2016|Vodafone Spain & Huawei Deploy World's First Commercial DB-HSDPA Solution|Huawei and Vodafone Spain have completed the world's first commercial implementation of dual-band High Speed Downlink Packet Access (DB-HSDPA) technology. The solution delivers approximately double the amount of UMTS throughput compared to single carrier on UMTS 900MHz.
NEWS | AUG 05, 2016|HUAWEI SmartCare® CEM Solutions goes to Fixed Network domain|Fixed Operators around the world are moving steadily from offering communications only to offering communications plus entertainment. That addition designed to meet increased customer expectations and regulatory obligations puts far greater pressure on the operator to deliver a higher quality Customer Experience. In response to Operator requests, the award winning HUAWEI SmartCare CEM portfolio has been extended to support fixed networks as well as mobile networks in a single platform, which brings economies of scale, reuse of existing use cases and the confidence of knowing that this platform is already used in 100+ deployments worldwide.
NEWS | AUG 04, 2016|Polsat Group selects Huawei’s Business Enabling Suite (BES) for IT Transformation|Polsat Group, has selected Huaweis Business Enabling Suite (BES) for its IT Transformation. The deployment covers full integration of the IT environment for both Plus and Cyfrowy Polsat and implementation of the new, sophisticated IT platform which is aimed at unifying business processes and providing a single customer experience to fully leverage the synergies of all companies in the Polsat Group.
NEWS | AUG 04, 2016|Huawei Launches Cloud Open Labs|Huawei today launched its Cloud Open Labs in the presence of 19 leading global operators, industry organizations, and partners, including the Linux Foundation, Open Platform for NFV (OPNFV), China Association of Communication Enterprises, Accenture, Red Hat, VMware, and Wind River.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2016|Vodafone and Huawei Trial New 4.5G Technologies to Prepare for 5G|Vodafone UK and Huawei are conducting technical trials of a new mobile technology, 4.5G (TDD+) with LTE TDD, to significantly increase the capacity and efficiency of its 4G network in urban areas, as well as lay the foundations for the introduction of 5G by 2020.
NEWS | JUL 26, 2016|Huawei Unveils its Strategy for MBB Connectivity Opportunities in Africa|Huawei unveiled its MBB (Mobile Broadband) 2020 Strategy for Africa, during the opening day of the GSMA Mobile 360-Africa event, outlining a new mobile broadband blueprint for the next five years for a Better Connected Africa.
NEWS | JUL 26, 2016|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces 2016 H1 Business Results|Huawei Consumer Business Group announced today its 2016 H1 financial results: Sales revenue in the first half year of 2016 increased by 41% year-on-year to CNY 77.4 billion. Smartphone shipments stood at 60.56 million, a year-on-year increase of 25%. According to IDC, global smartphone shipments in the first half of 2016 increased by just 3.1%, indicating that Huaweis growth has significantly outperformed the market.
NEWS | JUL 25, 2016|Huawei Announces 2016 H1 Business Results|Huawei announced its business results today for the first half of 2016. In the first six months of this year, Huawei generated sales revenue of CNY245.5 billion, an increase of 40% comparing with the same period last year. The company's operating margin was 12%.
NEWS | JUL 21, 2016|5G: Huawei and Vodafone achieve 20Gbps for single-user outdoor at E-Band|Huawei and Vodafone have completed a 5G mmWave field test at Vodafone Emerald House in Newbury, UK. The test covers SU-MIMO (Single User Multiple Input Multiple Output) with a strong reflection path to reach 20Gbps UE peak rate, and MU-MIMO (Multi User Multiple Input Multiple Output) for long-range UE to reach 10Gbps peak rate. It is the world’s first 5G outdoor field test at E-Band reaching 20Gbps peak rate for a single user device with high spectrum efficiency. This peak user rate is targeted by ITU-R as a 5G requirement. This is a key milestone after the two companies signed a strategic MoU on 5G technologies last year and a 5G Acceleration MoU this July.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2016|Huawei Shared Practices at the First OpenStack Days China, Accelerating Cloud Computing Ecosystem|The first OpenStack Days China Conference was held on July 14th and 15th at the China National Convention Center in Beijing. In this event, Huawei participated and shared the practices of public cloud and private cloud with the China Telecom's Guangzhou Research Institute and Dongfeng Motor Corp. Huawei also introduced container deployment technology, cascading technology and data protection technology based on OpenStack. By working with open-source entities, partners and customers, Huawei's goals are to jointly build a cloud ecosystem and to help enterprises achieve their digital transformation, moving them forward on the path to a fully cloudified IT enterprises.
NEWS | JUL 19, 2016|Huawei UBBS Kicks Off in Pretoria for Eastern and Southern Africa Leg of World Tour|Today, Huawei UBBS (ultra-broadband summit) world tour made its stop in Pretoria for the Eastern and Southern Africa leg of its world tour. With the theme of "Broadband for All, Building a Better Connected Africa", the summit was attended by some 300 participants, including operator executives, experts from industrial standards organizations, consultants, and Ministers of ICT from Angola, Ethiopia, Sierra Leone, Namibia, and Swaziland. The attendees gathered at the summit to discuss the ICT strategy for African countries as well as the ICT development trends and hot topics.
NEWS | JUL 18, 2016|Huawei joins Smart Africa to drive Africa's digital transformation|Huawei announced today it has joined the Smart Africa Alliance as Information and Communications Technologies (ICT) advisor and Platinum member at the Smart Africa Board Meeting. The partnership with the Smart Africa Alliance is one of Huaweis efforts to drive digital transformation in Africa.
NEWS | JUL 18, 2016|HUAWEI SmartCare® SOC Solution Offers Digital Customer Care|Huawei today announced the release of the Digital Customer Care (DCC) series use cases of its HUAWEI SmartCare SOC Solution. HUAWEI SmartCare is an advanced customer experience management (CEM) solution that now helps Communication Service Providers (CSPs) become full Digital Service Providers covering all aspects of CEM from front-end to back office operations.
NEWS | JUL 15, 2016|China Telecom (Shenzhen) and Huawei to Build a "Gigaband City"|China Telecom Corporation Limited Shenzhen Branch (hereinafter referred to as China Telecom (Shenzhen)) and Huawei signed a cooperation framework agreement (CFA). This CFA aims at transforming Shenzhen into a benchmark city with Gigaband all-optical networks (hereinafter referred to as Gigaband City). In the future, the two parties will leverage their strengths in the respective service fields to transform Shenzhen into a benchmark Smart City.
NEWS | JUL 14, 2016|Leading New ICT to Build a Better Connected Grid|Huawei and Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA) today co-hosted the Intelligent Power Grid Summit 2016 under the theme "Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected Intelligent Grid". Over 300 executives including Thai government representatives and global industry experts attended the Summit which focused on helping power companies advance digital transformation through innovative ICT to drive efficiency, growth and sustainability.
NEWS | JUL 14, 2016|Huawei Renews MoU for OSSii with Ericsson and Nokia|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology solutions provider, today announced the signing of a prolongation of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the Operations Support System Interoperability Initiative (OSSii) along with other major Telco network equipment players Ericsson and Nokia Solutions and Networks. The new MoU extents the duration and scope of OSSii to interfaces from IP multimedia subsystem (IMS) domain and MANO.
NEWS | JUL 13, 2016|Huawei shares its commitment to Trade Regulation with the Spanish Deputy Minister of Trade|Within the framework of his visit to China, the Spanish Deputy Minister of Trade, Jaime Garca-Legaz, held a meeting last week with Guo Tianming, senior Vice-President of Huawei Technologies, and James Lockett, Vice-President of Huawei Technologies and Head of Trade Facilitation and Market Access, to know the latest technological developments of the company and its strategy regarding international trade.
NEWS | JUL 11, 2016|Huawei Releases 4.5G Experience-driven Mobile Backhaul White Paper|Huawei released its 4.5G Experience-driven Mobile Backhaul White Paper at the 2016 Huawei User Group Meeting. The White Paper introduces the experience-driven 4.5G mobile backhaul architecture and proposes evolution solutions for various scenarios such as user experience, OM, and other telecom operator concerns in the 4.5G era. This is the industry's first white paper to systematically explain the 4.5G mobile backhaul solution and instruct telecom operators how to quickly launch 4.5G services and achieve business success.
NEWS | JUL 08, 2016|The Fourth China OpenStack Bug Smash Hosted in Hangzhou, Enhancing Open Source Ecosystem Development|Huawei, Intel, and China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI) jointly hosted the fourth China OpenStack Bug Smash in Hangzhou from July 6 to 8, 2016.
NEWS | JUL 07, 2016|Huawei FusionServer 2288H V3 Breaks VMmark Record|Huawei new-generation 2-socket server FusionServer 2288H V3 has scored an overwhelming 34.80@28 tiles in VMmark's virtualization test, setting a new performance benchmark for 2-socket servers. This world record is yet another broken by the 2-socket server, which holds the current world records for SPEC CPU, SPECjbb, SPECPower tests as of this year.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2016|World's First 3.3 GHz to 3.4 GHz TD-LTE E2E System in Live Demo at GTI|China Mobile and Huawei jointly announced the inaugural demonstration of the first end-to-end (E2E) TD-LTE system operating over the 3.3 GHz to 3.4 GHz frequency band at the Global TD-LTE Initiative (GTI) workshop in Shanghai. The demonstration system was developed with the integration of the Huawei's newly modified commercial 3.5 GHz TD-LTE products, which currently are widely deployed worldwide. The system reveals that the industry chain of the spectrum for IMT identified by the World Radio-communication Conference 2015 (WRC-15) is maturing.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2016|Huawei Hosts FSI Forum to Accelerate Digital Banking Transformation|Huawei hosted its Asia-Pacific Financial Services Industry (FSI) Forum 2016 together with industry associations The Asian Banker. Over 160 industry executives from across Asia-Pacific attended the Forum, themed "Reshaping IT to Fuel Digital Banking Transformation", which focused on advancing digital technology in the FSI sector. Industry and thought leaders discussed how digital technology is impacting customer behavior, product and service innovation, and business operation, and the future opportunities for financial services firms.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2016|Huawei's Christopher Donley, OPEN-O TSC Chairman, Presents the OPEN-O Architecture at its first Webinar|In early June, the industry's first end-to-end open source community focused on SDN/NFV Orchestration, OPEN-O was launched. The OPEN-O Governing Board (GB) elected China Mobiles Dr. Deng Hui as Chair of the OPEN-O Project and Huaweis Mr. Christopher Donley as Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Chair.
NEWS | JUL 05, 2016|Huawei Wins Algeria’s Houari Boumediene Airport Bid for eLTE's First Airport Application in Africa|Huawei announces the successful bid in the eLTE broadband trunking project for the Houari Boumediene Airport in Algiers, the Algerian capital. Houari Boumediene Airport will be the first airport commercial deployment of an eLTE system in Africa.
NEWS | JUL 05, 2016|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Shared OpenStack-Based Public Cloud Insights|OpenStack Days Deutsche was held in Cologne recently. Deutsche Telekom presented insights into its Open Telekom Cloud and introduced new major services: Docker container service (CCE) and relational database service (RDS). As a Gold Member of the OpenStack community, Huawei proactively participated in the community activity and shared its up-to-date contributions and achievements with other participants. Therefore, Huawei has gained extensive attention from the European strategic markets.
NEWS | JUL 05, 2016|Huawei and Web@cadémie Join up to Train 1,000+ Students Across 12 Cities in France|Huawei, a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) solutions, held a summer concert in Paris yesterday evening, entitled La Soire Singulire. Over 300 people attended the concert, including customers, partners, governmental representatives, and international media. At the event, Huawei announced a three-year partnership agreement with French nonprofit education group, Web@cadmie, which aims at providing ICT training to young students who didn't graduate from secondary school. The program will help them become network programmers and developers, thereby enhancing their employability and giving them the opportunity to create value through advanced knowledge of digital technology.
NEWS | JUL 05, 2016|TIM launches the “intelligent” 4G in Palermo|A more intelligent and innovative 4G network that allows for improved performances where requirements are more demanding and enabling to optimize spectrum resources according to specific needs. First in Europe, TIM has launched Huaweis innovative CloudRAN technology today in Palermo, aiming at better performances for its customers. The trial anticipates future 5G network architectures and it proves the capabilities of an intelligent 4G in improving quality and efficiency of next generation mobile networks.
NEWS | JUL 04, 2016|Huawei HPC Secures an Excellent Score for USTC at ISC-SCC 2016|This year's Student Cluster Competition (ISC-SCC 2016) has just ended its series of challenges at the International Supercomputing Conference in Frankfurt, Germany. The team from the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC), sponsored by Huawei, won first place for High-Performance Computing Challenge (HPCC) and Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF), and second place for Graph500 performance optimization.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Huawei Proposes Business-centric Video Broadband to Promote Mobile Video for Everyone|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2016 yesterday, Andy Ma, Director of Huawei Wireless Network Planning Department, gave a keynote speech about "Mobile Video for Everyone". In his speech, he said that as mobile video is gaining popularity as an inevitable trend, operators can choose a proper model for mobile video development and implement business-centric video broadband.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Huawei Announces UMTS+ to Help Operators Achieve Mobile Broadband for Everyone Anytime Anywhere|At the 2016 Huawei User Group Meeting, Huawei and leading operators from around the world came together in the Paving the Way to the Best MBB forum to discuss how to build ubiquitous mobile broadband networks in developing MBB countries and regions.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Thailand True Corporation Launches a Large-scale Deployment of 4.5G Network Using the Huawei 4T4R Solution|True Corporation, a leading mobile network operator in Thailand, deployed the world's largest 4T4R commercial network using Huaweis SingleRAN 4T4R solution. This 4T4R network provides an excellent mobile broadband (MBB) experience and helps True usher in a new exciting era of 4.5G.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Huawei and China Unicom (Shanghai) Jointly Release the NB-IoT-based Smart Parking Solution|Huawei and China Unicom (Shanghai) jointly released the NB-IoT-based smart parking solution at 2016 MWC Shanghai. An onsite demonstration at the MWC and the application at the parking lot of the Shanghai International Tourism and Resorts Zone shows that efforts have been made to explore commercial applications based on NB-IoT, an emerging IoT access technology.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Huawei Proposes the "Three-Phase ICT Transformation" Theory|At the Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWCS) 2016, Huawei and GSMA jointly held a Big Video Summit, attracting visitors from leading global carriers, partners, and industry experts from research institutions. The summit aimed to build a platform for profound communication between carriers and their partners in the video domain. Attendees held discussions and shared ideas on hot topics, such as the opportunities and challenges facing carriers in the video business, successful video business models, and the construction of video industry ecosystems. The summit helped to build an open, cooperative, and prosperous big video industry ecosystem for the benefit of all.
NEWS | JUL 01, 2016|Huawei Unveils Industry's Smallest MS-OTN Product|Huawei unveiled a new-architecture case-shaped product OptiX OSN 1800 II in the WDM IIR forum in Nice France. Intended for metropolitan edge nodes, the product uses the cell-based unified switching architecture, the first such architecture to be used on 2 U products. With 240G ODUk/100G PKT/40G VC-4/20G VC-12 unified cross-connect capacity, OptiX OSN 1800 II is the most compact and integrated case-shaped multi-service optical transport network (MS-OTN) product in the industry.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2016|4G Wireless Broadband Opens Up Broadband New Era|The Smart Home @ Wireless summit, sponsored by GTI, was attended by more than 100 participants including Huawei, Nokia, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., 20 operators, analysts, and media representatives. This summit provided the opportunity to exchange ideas and outline the strategy to derive the most benefit from the 4G WBB industry.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2016|Huawei Launches End-to-End NB-IoT Solution at Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2016|At today's Internet of Things (IoT) Summit during Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2016, Huawei launched its end-to-end Narrow-band IoT (NB-IoT) Solution to help global operators expand their IoT services into new markets. Huawei is committed to providing comprehensive technologies and business support services for the upcoming large-scale commercialization of IoT, and enabling telecom operators' to turn IoT into a basic service in the future.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2016|Huawei Shares Views on "Embracing a Digital World and Driving Business Transformation Using the 4 MOREs Strategy" at HUGM2016|The eighth Huawei User Group Meeting (HUGM) opened today at the Shanghai Expo Center. David Wang, President of Huawei Wireless Solution, gave a speech on "Embracing a Digital World and Driving Business Transformation Using the 4 MOREs Strategy". In his speech, David Wang proposed a digital business model for operators and shared his views on how operators use the 4 MOREs (More users, More traffic, More Value, and More Businesses) strategy to continuously boost data revenue and expand the business scope from B2C to B2X.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2016|Huawei Fosters Collaboration among Carriers and Partners to Build a Thriving Digital Ecosystem|At the Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2016, Huawei held the "Digital Operations Transformation Ecosystem Forum", which attracted more than 100 participants from world-leading telecommunication carriers and industry partners. Drawing on Huawei's experience of working with both global operators and innovative industry partners, the forum aimed to connect all parties to build an open digital operations ecosystem, speed digital transformation among carriers and achieve win-win outcomes. Leading carriers and industry partners shared their vision, roadmap, and experience on digital operations transformation and building digital ecosystems at the forum.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2016|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom Jointly Win 5G Global Cooperation Award|At the 2016 5G World Awards, Huawei and Deutsche Telekom jointly won the award for Most Notable Partnership between an Operator and Solutions Provider for 5G Trials and Development. It is based on their continuous 5G innovations and close cooperation for contributions to the communications industry.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2016|Huawei Hosted Data Center Facility Conference Europe 2016, Leading the Way in Data Center Revolution|From June 27 to June 28, when the UEFA Euro 2016 was at its height, a data center festival Data Center Facility Conference Europe 2016 was held in Frankfurt, Germany. Themed as " Leading the Way in Data Center Revolution" and hosted by Huawei, the conference attracted data center experts, end users, business partners, integrators, and industry media personnel from Europe to discuss the data center development trend and solutions in the era of big data.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2016|AirHub, the Hub of Huawei User Group Meeting|World leading operators, enjoying a gentle breeze in June, gather in Shanghai to attend Huawei User Group Meeting, discussing network construction and operation, and service development, as well as sharing successful experiences in business. Huawei's AirHub solution unveiled during the User Group Meeting immediately steals focus and attention from all interested admirers. As one of the quintessential wireless transmission solutions featuring simple and flexible installation and deployment, it helps to significantly reduce operators' resource investment and further accelerate agile site deployment.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2016|Huawei shares its vision on open collaboration with the industry at Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2016|This week at Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2016, Huawei will share its outlook on a fully connected era driven by openness, collaboration, and shared success. As a platinum partner of the event, Huawei will outline its strategy for accelerating digital transformation across industries, and how it is collaborating with industry players to promote the development of thriving digital economies.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2016|Huawei and China Mobile Jointly Carrying Forward 5G Innovation and Industrialization|Huawei and China Mobile showed the 5G 3.5GHz prototype, 5G above 6GHz high band prototype, 5G network slicing solution, 5G smart car use case solution, together with other 5G innovations in Mobile World Congress Shanghai (MWC Shanghai) 2016.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2016|Huawei Rotating CEO Eric Xu Discusses O&M Transformation in a Fully Connected Era|The eighth Huawei User Group Meeting (HUGM) opened today at the World Expo Center in Shanghai, China. The meeting embodies Huawei's commitment to staying customer-centric, improving customer satisfaction, advocating a quality-first culture and craftsmanship spirit, and creating greater value for customers through its leading ICT solutions.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2016|Huawei Shares Cyber Security Practices with Spanish National Cyber Security Institute|Huawei's board member and senior vice president, Cheng Lifang, received a delegation from the Spanish National Cyber Security Institute (INCIBE), led by its CEO Miguel Rego, at the company's Shenzhen HQ. INCIBE is a subsidiary of the Spanish Ministry of Industry, Energy and Tourism.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2016|Huawei's "Simplified Network, OTN Everywhere" Concept Provides Better Optimal Video Service Experience|The third Optical Network (ON) Innovation Forum was jointly-hosted by Huawei, Light Reading, and Heavy Reading on June 28 in Nice, southern France. More than 200 globally leading operators, upstream and downstream industry chain suppliers, industry analysts, and media experts participated in the forum. The consensus on Huawei's network construction concept "Simplified Network, OTN Everywhere" signifies the fact that the deployment of OTN devices to CO can now achieve optimal video service experience using hard pipes with zero congestion, zero packet loss, and low latency.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2016|Huawei Releases GigaRadio White Paper|Huawei released their GigaRadio White Paper on the eve of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2016. GigaRadio was proposed by Huawei at the MWC 2016, as a new standard of network construction with a focus on future network evolution. It is another landmark of innovation for this company, following its innovations in distributed base stations, SingleRAN, and Blade Site.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2016|Huawei Releases the Mobile Video Report White Paper|Today, Huawei released its white paper entitled Mobile Video Report a Key Driver of Mobile Market Value to elaborate on consumer behaviour, data pricing, networks, devices, and content drivers. These are all fuelling each other to boost the adoption of mobile video, which drives its evolution as a basic mobile service for operators. The white paper plots a Mobile Video Maturity Scorecard model to identify the strengths and priorities of the regional market for operators. It also introduces global leading operators experience on the improvement of user experience, business model exploration and obtaining content sources, and supports operators to succeed in seizing huge video opportunities.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2016|Huawei Promotes All-Cloud Carrier Network during OPNFV Summit 2016|Huawei gave keynote and showcased its innovative products and solutions at the second Open Platform for Network Functions Virtualization (OPNFV) Summit, held from June 20-23 in Berlin, Germany. As an OPNFV platinum founding member, Huawei showcased its platform of all-cloud carrier network solutions. On the summit, Huawei was awarded for On-time Delivery Award of Compass for Brahmaputra, Successful Inaugural Plugfest Award and Super Hero award by OPNFV community for the continuous and excellent contributions.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2016|First Future Network ADN Forum Is Hosted in Hong Kong to Rapidly Realize Future Network Concepts|The First Future Network ADN Forum was hosted at the Hong Kong Science Park, from June 21 to 22. More than 10 leading network experts and enterprise CEOs shared their thoughts on visions and architectures for ADN, as well as progress in business models, prototype verification, scenario-specific applications, and key technologies. Attendees included more than 100 university professors, scholars, and industry experts.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2016|3GPP 5G Channel Model Standard: Opens a New Era of Mobile Industry in High Frequency Bands|At the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) RAN Meeting held in Bushan Korea from June 13 to 16, 2016, the first standard for the mobile broadband 5G high-frequency (6-100 GHz) channel model was approved. Huawei participated in 70+% technical topics and contributed innovative solutions to these topics. All the efforts are fundamental contributions to the 3GPP standard on 5G high-frequency channel model.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2016|China Mobile Works with Huawei to Realize World’s First User-centric Network Experience|China Mobile recently worked with Huawei to introduce a key 4.5G technology D-MIMO (Distributed MIMO) on the commercial 4G network on the Bund in Shanghai. The realization of this user-centric network experience is an innovative breakthrough in comparison to the traditional base-station-centric network construction system. It can re-direct interference to useful signals, effectively resolving the challenge of insufficient network capacity among Shanghais densely populated urban areas. An onsite test using commercial mobile phones indicated that the cell capacity reached 140 Mbps, with a 35% increase. The single-user experience rate reached 15 Mbps, representing an increase of 80%, even at the cell edge where signals are typically the weakest.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2016|Huawei Promotes Innovative Research on IoT Security Mechanisms|Two security experts from Huawei Shield Lab (Huaweis Central Research Institute) shared their research vision on IoT security at the 11th ASIACCS (ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security) conference, which was recently held in Xian, China. In order to overcome coarse-grained access control and long lead times for identifying malicious behavior, their invited talk focused on studying security mechanisms which enhance the security of smart homes and connected cars.
NEWS | JUN 23, 2016|China Mobile Group Henan Wins Informa ‘Public Cloud Innovation’ Award|China Mobile Group Henan Company (Henan Mobile) has won the Public Cloud Innovation award at Cloud|DevOps World 2016 in London. Henan Mobile won the award for its Anyang Big Data Cloud Computing Center, which was built with assistance from Huawei.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2016|Huawei CloudRAN Helps China Mobile Provide Unparalleled User Experience in Ultra-Dense Network|Huawei recently announced its use of the innovative CloudRAN architecture to help China Mobile improve network performance, handle issues related to the interference at the cell edge on an ultra-dense network, and provide excellent user experience on the MBB network.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2016|Huawei Virtual 4T4R Successfully Goes Commercial and Continues|to Increase the Value of Indoor Digitalization|In June 2016, Huawei announced the world's first commercial application of virtual 4T4R（4 Transmit 4 Receive）based on small cells in Asia Pacific.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2016|Telefonica and Huawei Sign Joint Innovation Agreement on|5G&NG-RAN|Telefonica and Huawei signed a 5G|NG-RAN Joint Innovation Agreement in Shenzhen, which is a further cooperation step of Telefonica and Huawei on 5G, based on the strategic Memorandum of Understanding signed in Hong Kong on November 5th, 2015.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2016|Open ROADS Community Holds Inaugural Meeting in Singapore|The Open ROADS (Real-time, On-demand, All-online, Do-It-Yourself, and Social) Community announced the successful completion of their inaugural meeting. The Open ROADS Community, an initiative powered by Huawei, was first launched at the Mobile World Congress in February at Barcelona. The Community brings together leading voices from across the industry to answer the urgent questions posed to industries and society by the transformation to Digital Business. The meeting was held at the St Regis Hotel in Singapore most recently and saw about 50 attendees from across the industry.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2016|Huawei Launches New-Generation HPC Solution at ISC 2016|The International Supercomputing Conference 2016 (ISC16) was held at Messe Frankfurt from June 20 to 22. Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, unveiled its new-generation high-performance computing (HPC) solution positioned for intelligent industrial manufacturing, smart education, and scientific research. Huawei demonstrates its progress in developing HPC solutions that feature high efficiency, acceleration, and convergence.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2016|Huawei Launches Mellanox-Based InfiniBand EDR 100 Gbps Switch Solution|Huawei yesterday announced that it launched Mellanox InfiniBand EDR 100 Gbps switch solution based on the Huawei FusionServer E9000 converged architecture blade server at International Supercomputing Conference (ISC). The E9000 has become one of the world's first blade servers to support InfiniBand EDR 100 Gbps networks.
NEWS | NOV 08, 2017|Huawei and China Mobile Wins Glotel Awards for Video Ring Back Tone Services|At the Glotel Awards 2017 Ceremony in London, Huawei has received the award Digital Content Services of the Year for its exceptional Video Ring Back Tone(RBT) service. The latter recognizes the innovative work it is doing in partnership with China Mobile to drive new revenue streams from video services.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2017|ATU: Connectivity, Affordability and Accessibility key focus for Africa’s digital inclusivity|ATU highlighted importance of connecting rural and remote areas in Africa to economic opportunities at AfricaCom held on 7- 9 November in Cape Town, saying that connectivity, affordability and accessibility key focus for Africas digital inclusivity and rural network coverage.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2017|Vodafone Achieves First 5G Data Connection in Italy|Vodafone has achieved the first 5G data connection in Italy. The 5G trials were conducted by Vodafone in partnership with Huawei, which made available a radio base station using Massive MIMO technology.
NEWS | NOV 07, 2017|Huawei Releases Innovative SuperFTTB Solution for Gigabit Access Acceleration|At the Broadband World Forum (BBWF) 2017, Huawei released its innovative SuperFTTB solution. This solution uses cutting-edge 212 MHz G.fast technology to enable operators to support gigabit access through copper lines. It also provides easily deployed flexible fiber-copper dual backhaul, reducing network construction periods and accelerating return on investment (ROI).
NEWS | NOV 07, 2017|Huawei Launches the Multi-Port NG-Fast Prototype to achieve 5Gbit/s on copper lines|At the Broadband World Forum (BBWF), Huawei showcased the copper-based NG-Fast prototype which delivers both upstream and downstream rates of 5 Gbit/s. It is the first product in the industry to provide the total bi-directional bandwidth of up to 10 Gbit/s, and will enable global operators to further excavate the potential of copper lines.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2017|Huawei and DOCOMO Complete World's First 5G URLLC Field Trial over C-Band|In Minato Mirai 21, Yokohama, Japan's largest mobile communication operator NTT DOCOMO and leading global ICT solutions provider Huawei jointly achieved a significant field trial milestone. This trial focused on the Ultra-Reliable and Low-Latency Communication (URLLC) use-case with a macro base station on the 4.5 GHz frequency band (C-Band) using a new radio interface of similar features such as 3GPP 5G New Radio (NR) air-interface.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2017|Huawei Marine and Tropical Science Commences Work on the Construction of the PEACE Submarine Cable Linking South Asia with East Africa|Huawei Marine today announced it has commenced work on Desk Study and Marine Survey works in conjunction with key investor Tropic Science Co., Ltd. (Tropical Science) to construct the Pakistan East Africa Cable Express (PEACE) submarine cable, which connects South Asia with East Africa. With initial work underway, the project is targeted for completion in Q4, 2019.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2017|Huawei Becomes the First Asian General Maintainer in the OCI Community|Huawei was recently elected as a maintainer of the Open Container Initiative (OCI) image-spec project, following the OCI runc, OCI runtime-spec, OCI image-tools, and OCI runtime-tools projects. This makes Huawei the first Asian vendor to ever occupy a maintainer's seat in all important projects in the OCI community. This role demonstrates a widespread acknowledgement of Huawei's continuous contribution to the OCI community, specifically to Huawei's strong influence in the container field.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2017|Huawei Acquires a Seat in the Kubernetes Steering Committee|Huawei successfully acquires a seat in the Kubernetes Steering Committee as announced by the Kubernetes Community. Huawei stands out from the 15 candidate companies/organizations (nominated 20 candidates in total) and secures a seat in the newly founded Steering Committee.
NEWS | OCT 31, 2017|Huawei Receives TSIA Support Staff Excellence Center Award for Romanian Operation|During the Technology Services World (TSW) conference 2017, Huaweis Enterprise Global Service Center (GSC) in Romania received, for the first time, the prestigious Technology Services Industry Association (TSIA) Support Staff Excellence Center designation. This award recognizes the efforts Huawei continuously puts into developing its support staff in order to deliver a consistent, world-class customer service experience.
NEWS | OCT 30, 2017|Huawei Wins Three Awards at Broadband World Forum 2017|At Broadband World Forum 2017, the world's largest event dedicated to the global fixed network community, Huawei received three awards for its innovative solutions and joint innovations with global operators, including "Achievement in Fixed-Mobile Convergence", "Best Smart Home Network" and "Best Consumer 1Gbps Service based on G.fast or DOCSIS 3.1". The awards demonstrate Huaweis leadership in broadband industry and recognize its commitment to "Quality Broadband".
NEWS | OCT 30, 2017|Huawei Partners with PTCL to Deliver Quality Broadband through Fixed Network Modernization|Huawei announced that it has partnered with Pakistan Telecommunication Company Limited (PTCL) for successful rollout of fiber-to-the-curb (FTTC)/fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) solutions to modernize PTCL's fixed networks that will provide ultra-broadband services economically and efficiently.
NEWS | OCT 30, 2017|Huawei Partners with Nextek and Quectel to Drive IoT Expansion in the Middle East|Huawei signed an agreement with two global companies to promote the growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) and build a IoT ecosystem in the Middle East: Nextek Solutions, a global IT|software provider and integrator, and Quectel, a leading supplier of wireless modules. The two entities will cooperate with Huawei to build Narrowband IoT (NB-IoT) solutions that target the needs of regional organizations.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2017|The Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding Won the 2017 Primetime Emmy Engineering Award|Fraunhofer HHI, Huawei, MediaTek, Nokia, Qualcomm Incorporated, Samsung and Sony Corp. celebrate the Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC) Committees receipt of a 2017 Primetime Emmy Engineering Award for its work on the development of the High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) standard.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2017|Huawei’s Wi-Fi Solution Helps Rostelecom Build High-Quality Networks in Moscow|Rostelecom in Russia has collaborated with Huawei to achieve high-quality Wi-Fi network deployment in the Moscow region.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2017|Huawei Launches 5G Microwave Bearer Solution to Help Operators Evolve Their Networks Towards 5G|At the Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2017) in Hangzhou, Huawei launched its 5G microwave bearer solution. Featuring 10 Gbit/s-to-site, smooth evolution, and flexible OM, it supports 5G application scenarios, helping operators manage future challenges in 5G bearer networks.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2017|LG U+ and Huawei Complete World's First Trial of Live UHD IPTV Over 5G FWA with Chipset Based 5G CPE|LG U+ and Huawei have successfully completed the pre-commercial trial of the world's first live ultra-high-definition (UHD) IPTV over 5G FWA with a chipset based 5G millimeter-wave CPE.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2017|Huawei Champions Open Ecosystems|at Eco-Connect Europe 2017|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, celebrated the power of open ecosystems and collaborative ICT at this years Huawei Eco-Connect Europe, in Berlin. Under the theme of Go Digital|Go Cloud Huaweis flagship event in Europe emphasized the need to create and shape an open, innovative ICT ecosystem to empower the digital transformation of European businesses.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2017|Huawei and Aichi Tokei Denki Start Technology Verification of NB-IoT Smart Water Meters|Huawei Japan and Aichi Tokei Denki Co., Ltd will expand their efforts in verifying Narrow Band IoT (NB-IoT) technologies for smart water metering. As the Japanese water industry demands greater efficiency, the two companies will utilize NB-IoT, and next generation LPWA, aiming to realize automatic metering, better end-user services with visible water usages, and improved piping management to support sustained and healthy water supply businesses.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2017|Huawei Awarded with ‘Best Software-defined Networking Solution’|Huawei has been awarded with the Best Software-defined Networking Solution at the 2017 NetworkWorld Asia Readers Choice Product Excellence Awards. The awards ceremony, organized by Questex Asia, was held at The St. Regis Singapore.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2017|Huawei Launches VR OpenLab Industry Cooperation Plan to Promote Construction of Cloud VR Industry Ecosystem|Huawei officially released its Virtual Reality (VR) OpenLab industry cooperation plan, at Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF 2017), to promote the prosperity of Cloud VR, facilitate technological innovations, incubate business scenarios, and construct a comprehensive Cloud VR industry ecosystem.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2017|Huawei Attends the 7th World Passenger Symposium to Showcase Aviation ICT Solutions|The 7th World Passenger Symposium (WPS) is held by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) from October 24 to 26 at the Barcelona International Convention Centre. More than 700 senior executives in the aviation industry are invited to the event to discuss how to reshape passenger experience through digital transformation. Huawei, as the Principal Sponsor, made its debut in the symposium in the European aviation industry.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2017|Huawei’s Big Data Analytics Platform Named ‘Most Innovative Data Governance Solution’|Today at the Telco Big Data Analytics Summit Euro 2017, hosted by Informa and Telefonica, Huaweis big data analytics platform FusionInsight-Universe Analytics received the Most Innovative Data Governance Solution award.
NEWS | OCT 25, 2017|Telefónica Open Cloud obtains the compatibility certificate from Commvault|Telefnica Business Solutions, a leading provider of a wide range of integrated communications solutions for the B2B market, has announced that the object storage service (OBS) belonging to the Telefnica Open Cloud, which uses Huaweis OpenStack technology, has been certified by Commvault as compatible with its backup and archive solution.
NEWS | OCT 24, 2017|Huawei’s SD-WAN Wins ‘ONUG Right Stuff Innovation Award’|At the Open Networking User Group (ONUG) Fall 2017 conference in New York, USA, Huaweis SD-WAN solution won an ONUG Right Stuff Innovation Award. This was achieved thanks to its innovative features including intelligent application-based full-path selection and acceleration, open service platform, and visualized cloud-based Operations and Maintenance (OM).
NEWS | OCT 24, 2017|Huawei and Dolby Laboratories Announce World’s First Dolby Vision-enabled Set-top Box for IPTV|Huawei and Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE: DLB) today announced that the Huawei Q22 set-top box is the first IPTV set-top box in the world to support Dolby Vision high-dynamic-range (HDR) technology.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2017|Huawei Launches All-Intelligent Network to Unleash the Power of Ultra-Broadband|At Ultra-Broadband Forum 2017, David Wang, President of Products|Solutions, Huawei, launched the All-Intelligent Network. By building intelligent, simple, and superfast ultra-broadband networks, Huawei aims to help carriers address future challenges brought by business uncertainties, and achieve new growth in the B2B, B2C, and B2H segments.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2017|Huawei Unveils Its Commitment to "Quality Broadband"|At the 4th Ultra-Broadband Forum, Ryan Ding, Executive Director and President of the Carrier Business Group of Huawei, unveiled the company's commitment to providing "Quality Broadband".
NEWS | OCT 19, 2017|LG U+ and Huawei Successfully Demonstrate 5G ‘Dual-Connectivity’ Technology|LG U+ and Huawei have successfully completed Dual-Connectivity technology verification during a 5G field test in Seoul. Dual-Connectivity technology provides a 20Gbps downlink rate by linking a 3.5GHz base station with a 28GHz base station. This verification showcases a major achievement made by LG U+ and Huawei in 5G joint innovation.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2017|Huawei and Telefónica Deutschland Launches World's First 5G-oriented Antenna Deployment Solution|At the 2017 Global Antenna Technology|Industry Forum recently held in Munich, Huawei partnered with Telefnica Deutschland to launch the world's first 5G-oriented antenna deployment solution. During the evolution to 5G, this solution can resolve the challenge of insufficient antenna installation space for the deployment of both high-band 4T4R over Sub 3 GHz and Massive MIMO.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2017|Huawei Launches 5G-Oriented Full-Band 4T4R and FDD/TDD Converged Antenna Platforms|At the Global Antenna Technology|Industry Forum recently held in Munich, Huawei released its new FDD antenna and FDD/TDD converged antenna platforms. These antennas apply to full-band 4T4R and FDD/TDD convergent networking to support a 5G-oriented smooth evolution.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2017|Huawei Rotating CEO Eric Xu Pledges to Work with Carriers in Building Agile Leased Line Services with Compelling Customer Experience|Huawei kicked off the fourth Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF) today at the Hangzhou International Expo Center, bringing togethermore than 800 experts and executives from telecom carriers, vertical industries, regulators, standards bodies, and industry organizations. The theme of the event is"Grow with All-Cloud Network", highlighting the steps carriers could consider to seize strategic opportunities in industry digitization and achieve new growth.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2017|Telecom Argentina wins “Best Voice Virtualized Network” Award|At the LTE Voice Summit 2017 in Amsterdam, Telecom Argentina was awarded Best Voice Virtualized network with its leading cloud core network. The award points to the recognition within the industry of Telecom Argentinas innovation and practice in network virtualization.
NEWS | OCT 18, 2017|Huawei Marine Hosts 3rd Asia Pacific Submarine Networks Forum in Hangzhou|Huawei Marine has hosted the 3rd Asia Pacific Submarine Networks Forum in Hangzhou with the theme: Developing ICT Hubs: Make Submarine Cables a Strategic Asset. This years forum discussed the submarine cable industrys role as a key facilitator of Asia-Pacific ICT development. The forum was attended by over 200 delegates, including: Chinese and ASEAN government regulators, submarine telecom operators, the investment community, solutions providers, and industry analysts.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2017|Huawei Unveils the Mate 10 and Mate 10 Pro|Disruptive innovation often begins with bold dreams. During IFA Berlin, Huawei Consumer Business Group introduced its first AI mobile chipset, the Kirin 970. Today in Munich, Huawei announced the HUAWEI Mate 10 Series, which will open the door to new AI mobile applications.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2017|China Telecom Guangzhou and Huawei Complete World's First 400GE Test|China Telecom China Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Research Institute and Huawei said results of the world's first 400GE test indicate next-generation large-capacity port technology 400GE possesses the qualities required for commercial deployment.
NEWS | OCT 13, 2017|Huawei Wins Seven Awards at SDN NFV World Congress|At the SDN NFV World Congress, Huawei received seven awards including "Best New Automation|Management", "Ecosystem|Partnership: Best Validation/Certification Program", "Best Vertical Application", "Best New VNF Application", "Best New Cloud-Optical Solution", "Best Cloud|Carrier Service", and "Contribution to Open Source/Open Networking". The congress is of the industry's most influential events for all who are involved in SDN/NFV.
NEWS | OCT 13, 2017|Huawei's 5G Bearer Oriented 50GE FlexE-based Slicing Router Passes EANTC Testing|Huawei recently announced that its 5G bearer oriented 50GE FlexE-based slicing router has successfully passed the stringent testing of the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC)|internationally recognized as one of the world's leading independent test centers for telecommunication technologies, making Huawei the first vendor to complete independent third-party testing of 50GE FlexE. This testing indicates that 50GE FlexE is ready for commercial use.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2017|Huawei Releases SDN/NFV Commercial and Technological Innovations|Huawei shared its latest commercial and technological innovations and progress at the 2017 SDN NFV World Congress October 9-13 in The Hague, Netherlands, and announced that it has deployed over 560 SDN/NFV commercial projects around the world.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2017|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Showcase 5G Use Cases on Europe’s First 5G Pre-commercial Network|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei jointly showcased 5G use cases on Europe s first 5G pre-commercial network in Berlin, including 5G Virtual Reality (VR) and 5G Augmented Reality (AR). This was the first time that 5G live use cases have been successfully performed on a 5G live connection in a real world setting and the end-to-end 5G solution has been verified accordingly. It demonstrates that 5G technology is being driven forward to maturity and moving towards the deployment of 5G commercial networks.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2017|Huawei's FusionInsight Claims Top Spot in IDC MarketScape Big Data Vendor Assessment in China|In the latest IDC MarketScape: China Big Data Management Platform 2017 Vendor Assessment, Huawei's FusionInsight platform ranked first among all Big Data platform vendors in China. IDC assessed vendors according to three criteria: current capabilities, future strategy, and market performance, and FusionInsight excelled in all three due to its use of leading technologies, its mature ecological layout, and its outstanding market performance.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2017|Huawei Announces New Partnership with Internet Matters|Huawei today announced a new partnership with independent not-for-profit organisation Internet Matters to improve online child safety.
NEWS | OCT 11, 2017|Frost & Sullivan: Huawei Remains the SDM Market Share Leader|According to the latest Global SDM Market Research White Paper by Frost|Sullivan, Huawei remains the industry leader in subscriber data management (SDM) with revenue-based market share of 32.92% in 2016.
NEWS | OCT 10, 2017|KPN and Huawei Set New Targets for Sustainability|KPN and Huawei have committed to a stringent new code of sustainability, which will ensure all new KPN network and consumer hardware designed to last longer, be produced using less virgin raw materials and built in such a way that by 2025 close to 100% of the parts and resources can be reused or recycled. The circular economy target supports and exceeds the Netherlands objective of transitioning towards a circular economy by 2050.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2017|Huawei releases “4G Wireless Broadband Industry White Paper”|in ITU Telecom World 2017|At ITU Telecom World 2017, Huawei released 4G Wireless Broadband Industry White Paper, giving an in-depth analysis on this topic. As per the white paper, more than 1 billion households globally will be connected through wireless technologies. The total number of wireless broadband users has exceeded 50 million globally with 100% YoY growth rate since 2015. The collaboration of fixed and wireless technologies also contributes to achieve the strategic goals in ITU Connect 2020.
NEWS | SEP 30, 2017|Notice on Rotating CEO Tenure|In accordance with Huawei's Rotating CEO system, Mr. Ken Hu will assume the position of Rotating and Acting CEO from October 1st 2017 to March 31st 2018. During their tenure, Rotating CEOs are responsible for companywide operations and crisis management, as well as convening and chairing meetings of the Board of Directors Executive Committee and the companys Executive Management Team.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2017|Huawei Connected Car Solution Wins ‘Best IoV Innovation’ Award|At World Intelligent Vehicle Conference 2017, one of the worlds most professional globalized conference, Huawei's Connected Car solution, developed on its OceanConnect IoT platform, was honored with Best IoV Innovation Award. The award recognizes Huaweis achievements in flexible service operation and deployment, secure network access, and commercial assistance to customers and partners.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2017|Working with Huawei VIVA Bahrain launches World’s First Hybrid Cloud Core Network|VIVA Bahrain, a fully owned subsidiary of the Saudi Telecommunications Company (STC), has successfully tested|deployed the world's first ATCA-NFV Hybrid Cloud Core Network with Huawei, as a further step in its vision towards advanced mobile network services technologies.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2017|Huawei Commits to Driving Smart Digital Transformation at ITU Telecom World 2017|At ITU Telecom World 2017, Huawei is committed to driving smart digital transformation by proposing efficient ways to bridge the digital divide and urges governments, operators and ecosystem players to collaborate and establish a healthy environment.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2017|Huawei Wins Two MEC Awards at PT Expo China 2017|At the PT Expo China 2017, Huaweis MEC@CloudEdge solution received the "Best MEC Architecture of the Year" and "Best MEC Practice of the Year" awards. These awards are in recognition of Huawei's perseverance in Multi-access Edge Computing (MEC) architectural innovation, of their leading position in commercial deployment, and for outstanding contributions to the industry overall.
NEWS | SEP 28, 2017|Huawei Demonstrates World's First 5G Network Slicing Application for the Smart Grid|At the PT Expo China 2017, in Beijing, Huawei is exhibiting the world's first 5G network slicing application for smart grids. The application is based on Huaweis 5G Core solution Service-Oriented Core (SOC), part of Huawei's E2E 5G solution.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei Rises to 70th Position on Interbrand’s Best Global Brands 2017 Rankings|Huawei has risen to 70th position on the Best Global Brands 2017 Rankings by Interbrand, a global brand consultancy who has released its brand ranking report for this year. Huawei has seen its brand value grow by 14% compared to that of last year, reaching US$ 6, 676 million. It is now among the 16 brands that have enjoyed a double-digit growth in brand value in the top 100 ranking list.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei and SUSE Collaborate to Deliver Mission Critical Servers that Set New Standards for Reliability|At SUSECON 2017, Huawei and SUSE today announced a broadening of their partnership, as the companies will collaborate to build a more reliable Mission Critical Server, setting a new standard for reliability. It will lead the way as a Mission Critical Server that supports memory module hot swap, helping customers slash unplanned maintenance times while keeping their production systems up and running.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei Achieves Top Performance during Second-Phase 5G Technology R&D Test|Huawei was the first ICT solutions provider to complete the entire second phase of 5G technology RD test organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. The results obtained during the test were showcased at the PT/Expo China 2017.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei MEC@CloudEdge Awarded "Best Commercial Deployment of MEC"|At the MEC Congress, Huaweis MEC@CloudEdge solution was awarded "Best Commercial Deployment of MEC". This award demonstrates the industry's recognition of the solutions architecture, technology, and especially commercial deployment.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|China Telecom and Huawei Awarded "The Operator Award for MEC Development"|At the MEC Congress, the Smart Factory project of China Telecom (Ningbo) and Huawei for Zhenhai Refinery was awarded "The Operator Award for MEC Development". It is the first award of MEC commercial use for a carrier and demonstrates leadership and excellent performance in terms of MEC industry construction, commercial practices, and technical innovation.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Operation Services the Nexus of Telco Digital Transformation According to ITO White Paper|Operational services have become a major factor in the journey to achieve digital transformation, and a recently released IDC white paper entitled, Operations as the Nexus of Telco Digital Transformation has illustrated this. In creating the white paper, IDC worked with Huawei to provide insights into how IT is driving digital transformation to become more central to every CSP operation. IT enables the creation of new agile capabilities, delivering innovative services rapidly and redefining the entire operational environment way of working as it automates workflows, orchestrates processes and defines performance.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei and Infosys Sign a MoU to Cooperate in IT and Software Talent Development|Huawei and Infosys China, a leading global consulting, technology, outsourcing and new service provider, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in the fields of IT and software talent development at Huaweis Global Training Center in Hangzhou. The signing of this memorandum is a milestone for both companies.
NEWS | SEP 27, 2017|Huawei Releases White Paper to Present a New IPTV Index System|Huawei has released a white paper that presents a new IPTV Index System. This white paper refers to relevant index systems that have been defined by standardization organizations, and establishes the relationship between indexes of different levels, to form a measurable IPTV index system driven by experience. With the IPTV index system, operators can achieve video experience visibility, manageability and optimization based on the measurement methodology defined.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2017|OceanConnect Places Huawei in Leader Segment of IHS Markit's IoT CMP Platform Scorecard|Huawei OceanConnect is now in the leader segment of the IoT CMP Platforms Scorecard* recently published by IHS Markit, a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions. The rating demonstrates that OceanConnect is well recognized as a leading IoT platform in the industry.
NEWS | SEP 26, 2017|Huawei and Riverbed Technology Partner to Accelerate Enterprise Cloud-First and Digital Transformation Initiatives|Huawei and Riverbed Technology today announced an important partnership that will bring together the power of Huaweis CloudEPN (Cloud Enterprise Private Network) and market-leading Riverbed SteelHead, which accelerates the delivery of applications, to make it easier for enterprises to manage their networks and optimize performance in the cloud.
NEWS | SEP 25, 2017|GlobalData and Huawei Jointly Release Network Experience Index White Paper|Huawei and GlobalData have jointly released a new white paper entitled The Future is Now for the Holistic Network Index - Network Experience Index (NEI). The white paper provides a benchmark or standard for mobile operators to have a macro view of the network that reflects the real end-user service experience.
NEWS | SEP 25, 2017|Huawei Partners with Infosys and Wapwag to Release Innovative Practices Based on Open Edge Computing IoT|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei joined hands with Infosys, the leading provider of information technology and business consultation services in the industry, and Wapwag, a provider of smart water affair solutions. Together they released a series of important innovative practices including smart robots/ machine tools and smart water affairs based on open edge computing IoT, accelerating the implementation of industry applications.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2017|Huawei and Commvault Announce Hybrid Cloud Backup Solution for Huawei Cloud|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei and Commvault announced deepening of cooperation in data protection by making available the Hybrid Cloud Backup Solution for Huawei Cloud. This solution provides organizations with easy-to-use, economical and secure solutions for backup workloads running between traditional data centers and public cloud.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2017|Huawei Launches a New Hybrid Cloud Storage Solution, Accelerating Migration of Enterprises' Applications to Cloud|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched a new hybrid cloud storage solution that integrates Huawei FusionStorage distributed storage system and Veritas Access software-defined storage offering. Combined, this new hybrid cloud storage solution provides customers with file object data connect, cloud data portability, online data migration and scale out capabilities to achieve elasticity and resilience for volumes of massive unstructured data. This will help organizations optimize storage and accelerate the smooth migration of business applications and workloads to the cloud.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2017|Huawei Mobile Money Boosts Financial Inclusion through Capacity Building in Developing Nations|At the International Forum for China Financial Inclusion (IFCFI), Huawei, as an important partner of the Bill|Melinda Gates Foundation (Gates Foundation) Level One Project (LOP) initiative, was invited to participate in the forum and shared its practice and experience in the area of Africa mobile payments and financial inclusion platform construction.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2017|Huawei Joins Intel in 5G Collaboration on NR based|Interoperability Development Testing|Huawei has partnered with Intel to launch 3GPP 5G New Radio (NR) based Interoperability Development Testing (IODT) to verify 5G technologies and their degree of maturity. The partnership is a sign that the industry is rapidly maturing and preparing for commercial deployment of 5G from end-to-end under unified 5G standards.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2017|Huawei Completes Core Network Test for Second-Phase 5G R&D Trial under IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group|Huawei is spearheading the completion of the core network test for China's second-phase 5G RD trial organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. The test, conducted at the Beijing lab of China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), covered service-oriented architecture, critical 5G service procedures, network slicing, mobile edge computing, and other key technologies.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2017|Huawei Assists China Telecom (Liaoning) to Build 5G-oriented C-RAN Fronthaul Network|Huawei announces that its Blade optical transport network (OTN) solution will assist China Telecom (Liaoning) in building a 5G-oriented cloud radio access network (C-RAN) fronthaul network. These fronthaul networks will enable Liaoning Telecom to effectively cope with denser site deployment requirements in the future 5G era in addition to further improving the existing 4G network coverage.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2017|Thailand Prime Minister Visits Huawei Booth at Digital Thailand Big Bang 2017|Thailand Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha today visited Huawei Technology Thailands booth at the Digital Thailand Big Bang, the largest digital technology expo in Southeast Asia, in which Huawei showcased its products and solutions covering 10 main industries including Smart City, Smart Energy, Smart Parking, Digital Railway, Smart Airport, Smart Government, Smart Agriculture, Smart Education, Smart Water and Smart Home, in a bid to help the kingdom to fulfill its ambition of Thailand 4.0.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2017|Huawei Launches Big Data Solution Certified for SAP® Vora™|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched its big data solution, which has been certified for SAP Vora. The solution is based on Huaweis FusionInsight big data platform and the SAP Vora distributed data processing engine.
NEWS | SEP 21, 2017|Huawei and Brocade Jointly Release High-Performance Active-Active Storage Network Solution|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei and Brocade jointly released a high-performance active-active storage network solution powered by OceanStor Dorado V3 AFAs coupled with Brocade Gen-6 Fibre Channel and SX6 Disaster Recovery (DR) switch modules. The solution, combining the expertise of two industry leaders, provides customers with enhanced performance, reliability, and security. The new storage network solution can thus reduce query time by as much as 71%.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2017|Huawei Joins 5G-MoNArch Consortium to Lead Design of Architecture based on Network Slicing|Huawei has joined forces with leading academic and industry partners to develop solutions for the next key phase of 5G mobile and wireless communications architecture. Within the 5G-MoNArch (5G Mobile Network Architecture) consortium, Huawei is leading the design of the envisioned flexible and adaptive architecture.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2017|Huawei Launches 400G DCI Solution|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched the 400G Data Center Interconnect (DCI) solution, which enables the rapid migration of massive amounts of data between data centers and eliminates bandwidth-related bottlenecks, greatly improving bandwidth utilization between data centers while reducing power consumption in equipment rooms and giving enterprises a way to smoothly evolve their data center networks over the next 10 years.
NEWS | SEP 20, 2017|Huawei Launches CloudFabric Solution to Help Enterprises Build Ultra-Simplified and Efficient Cloud Data Center Networks|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched the CloudFabric Solution, which proposes the concept of modular networking optimized for specific scenarios, starting with three scenario-oriented fabric models: High Availability, Hyperscale, and High-Performance Computing (HPC).
NEWS | SEP 19, 2017|Huawei Showcases Leading Media Solutions Running on Open Telekom Cloud|At IBC 2017, Huawei showcased high-end media solutions running on Open Telekom Cloud.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2017|Huawei Joins Forces with China Telecom and China's State Grid to Develop 5G Slicing Solution for Power Industry|At the third New-Generation Internet Infrastructure Forum in Beijing, China Telecom Beijing Research Institute, China Electric Power Research Institute, and Huawei said they would cooperate on the joint basic foresight innovation project about 5G power slicing technology.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2017|Huawei and Global Partners Gather to Drive Digital Transformation at Forum Held in Hong Kong|Today, Huawei opened the Operations Transformation Forum 2017 in Hong Kong on the theme of Transforming towards Digital Business - Embrace, Act, Accelerate. This event will host over 600 guests from global operators, standard organizations, partners, financial sectors, academic and research institutions, as well as media and analysts.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2017|Huawei Releases Testing-as-a-Service Solution TestCraft to Accelerate SDN/NFV Deployment|Today at Huaweis Operations Transformation Forum 2017, Huawei released TestCraft. Designed for SDN/NFV testing, TestCraft provides a variety of automated test models and professional services. Based on Huaweis new Testing-as-a-Service (TaaS) platform, TestCraft solves traditional time-consuming and manpower issues to help customers reduce test costs and accelerate new business development.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2017|Huawei Releases ‘Huawei Envision’ Video Solution for MSO|At IBC 2017 (International Broadcasting Convention), Huawei launched its Envision video solution for MSO（Multiple System Operator） to enhance hybrid video service capabilities and implement all-IP transformation of video services.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2017|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Go Live with Europe’s First 5G Connection|In collaboration with Huawei, Deutsche Telekom (DT) announced Europes first 5G connection based on the latest 3GPP standard.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2017|Huawei Jointly Releases NB-IoT Smart Gas Solution White Paper with Partners|Shenzhen Gas, China Telecom, GoldCard and Huawei have jointly released their NB-IoT Smart Gas Solution white paper. This white paper analyzes the problems and challenges encountered by China's gas industry, and proposes a smart gas solution based on the IoT platform and NB-IoT technology.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2017|Huawei Kirin 970 and Rohde & Schwarz Demonstrate 1.2 Gigabit|Huawei and Rohde|Schwarz today announced the successful demonstration of 1.2Gbps LTE-A-Pro downlink throughput, using Huaweis Kirin 970 SoC, the industrys first smartphone SoC to support Category 18(1.2Gbps).
NEWS | SEP 13, 2017|APOLAN APAC Committee Officially Established with Huawei Serving as the First-Session Director|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, the Association of Passive Optical LAN Asia Pacific Committee (APOLAN APAC) was officially established, with eight initial members (Huawei, 3M, IBM, YOFC, BFW, Telege, Ectivise, and VT Group) in attendance at the establishment ceremony. Huawei served as the first-session Director of the APAC Committee.
NEWS | SEP 13, 2017|Huawei and iSoftStone Jointly Launch Smart Security Solution|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei and iSoftStone launched a Smart Security Solution. This solution uses Huaweis FusionSever G2500 smart video analysis server and iSoftStone's urban safety management platform to meet the secure production and management requirements of the mining, petrochemical, industrial and trading sectors.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2017|LG U+ and Huawei Successfully Conduct 5G Urban Field Test|In the Sangam area of Seoul, a hotspot for digital and media businesses, LG U+ and Huawei successfully completed the first phase of their 5G intensive urban field test. This 5G field test was designed as commercial-oriented and realized by an end-to-end 5G network with 5G gNodeB, Ng Core and a 5G mobile bearer network. The test content covered coverage and capacity tests under the 5G target frequency band millimeter wave 28GHz.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2017|Huawei Launches X-Gen Wi-Fi to Redefine the Agile Campus Network Era|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched its X-Gen Wi-Fi Solution, enabling a three-fold bandwidth increase and four-fold increase in the number of concurrent access users. The solution is an industry first as it allows hybrid access through both 10 Gbps capable Wi-Fi and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies, such as Bluetooth, ZigBee, and RFID, making a more innovative service experience possible and redefining the agile campus network era.
NEWS | SEP 12, 2017|Huawei OpenLab and Industrial Internet Consortium Join Forces to Establish Ecosystem Lab|At Huawei Connect 2017, Huawei and the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) unveiled the 'IIC-Huawei Ecosystem OpenLab', announcing that through deep cooperation, both parties will promote the development of an industrial Internet ecosystem.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2017|Huawei Joins Z-wave Alliance Board of Directors|The Z-Wave Alliance, an open consortium of leading global companies deploying the Z-Wave smart home standard, today announces the addition of leading ICT solutions provider, Huawei, to the Alliance Board of Directors. Huawei joins principal members ADT, Alarm.com, FIBARO, Ingersoll-Rand, Jasco Products, LEEDARSON, LG Uplus, Nortek Security|Control, SmartThings, and Sigma Designs.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2017|Huawei Collaborates with Silverlake Mobility Ecosystem and Malaysia’s REDtone to Deploy FinTech Solution|Silverlake Mobility Ecosystem, has announced that it will deploy its industry-leading FinTech product Mobility Lifestyle Ecosystem Backbone (MLEB) on the REDtone Business-to-Business (B2B) Cloud that is based on Huawei solutions.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2017|Huawei and Accenture Cooperate to Help Shanghai International Port Group on its New Information Management Platform|Huawei and Accenture announced today their latest cooperative achievement in the port information field. Accenture will help Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd (SIPG) to establish a consolidated information management platform that will run on Huaweis FusionCloud solution, with some of the work to be undertaken as part of the existing Huawei-Accenture Strategic Agreement.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2017|Huawei and MediaTek Lead with Completion of Interoperability Development Testing of 5G New Radio|Huawei and MediaTek lead the way after the completion of the Interoperability Development Testing (IODT) of 5G New Radio (NR) in the condition of enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB) and Ultra Density Network (UDN) scenarios. The test is an important part of China's second-phase 5G radio technology testing in Huairou District, Beijing, which is also significant as it will help to guide the building of the 5G terminal industry, especially in its early stages.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2017|SoftBank and Huawei Demonstrate 5G Use Cases|SoftBank Corp. ("SoftBank") and Huawei Technologies Japan K.K. (Huawei) jointly demonstrated various potential use cases for a 5G network, which provides ultra-high throughput, ultra-low latency transmission, and edge computing, to SoftBanks business partners.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2017|Huawei Signs Cooperation Agreements with Six Software Partners to Construct a Digital Ecosystem|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei recruited partners to construct a software cooperation ecosystem, and signed Memorandums of Understanding in integrated service of the BSS domain with Chinasoft International and everis. Huawei also signed project cooperation framework agreements in big data and mobile payment with Chinasoft International, Afiniti, Merkle, Eastcom Software, and Talkweb.
NEWS | SEP 07, 2017|Huawei Launches New Integrated Solution Partner Program|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched a new, integrated partner program that will include all of the company's global solution partners. To facilitate this, in 2017, Huawei is investing US$250m in partner programs, including US$70m in co-marketing. The new Huawei Solution Partner Program incorporates independent software vendors, independent hardware vendors, systems integrators, and consulting partners. Huawei will provide them with the technical, marketing, and sales resources they need to design, build, and market Huawei-based solutions.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Launches “Connection+Cloud” Dual Drivers of Digitization Strategy|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched Connection+Cloud, the dual drivers of digitization strategy and enterprise network solutions for smart connection of everything. The strategy and solutions help enterprises accelerate their transformation to the cloud by providing network connections that are more comprehensive and network management that is more intelligent in all scenarios, such as access, WAN, data center, and interconnection.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Releases its Cloud Transformation Service Strategy|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei today revealed its latest enterprise service strategy designed to support companies undergoing cloud transformation. Huawei is committed to becoming an industry cloud enabler and a strategic partner to customers across diverse industries by investing USD 500 million in the development of cloud-based professional services, a cloud platform and cloud ecosystem.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Cloud Releases Six Innovative Solutions at HUAWEI CONNECT 2017|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Joy Huang, Vice President of Huaweis IT Product Line, in a keynote speech titled "All Connected, All Cloud, All Intelligent", announced six innovative solutions designed to help enterprises with digital transformation. The new solutions include innovations in hardware, software, data, connection, architecture, and hybrid cloud.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Releases the New-Generation Intelligent Cloud Hardware Platform Atlas|Today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei released the new-generation intelligent cloud hardware platform - Atlas. Positioned for scenarios such as public cloud, artificial intelligence (AI), and high-performance computing (HPC), Atlas rides on the advantages of key technologies including heterogeneous resource pooling and intelligent orchestration to deliver new levels of hardware resource utilization and adapt more flexibly to service demands.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Cloud and Dassault Systèmes Sign MoU to Pursue Sustainable Innovation Opportunities with the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform on Cloud|Today at HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei and Dassault Systmes signed cooperation Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), and announced that the two companies are working closely to enable Dassault Systmes 3DEXPERIENCE platform to run on Huawei Cloud.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2017|Huawei Huddle-room Cloud Video Endpoint TE10 Wins ‘Best of Show Award’ at Interop|Huawei huddle-room cloud video endpoint TE10 was announced as a winner of Best of Show Award in Interop Tokyo 2017.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2017|Huawei Digital Railway Solution Supports New Mombasa-Nairobi Railway|Huawei, a leading global Information and Communications Technology (ICT) solutions provider, announced recently that the railway operational communications network it built for Kenya's Mombasa-Nairobi rail project was put into commercial use. Huawei's Digital Railway Solution enables multiple communications tasks, including mission-critical train dispatch, emergency communications, section maintenance communications, secure transmission, and ensures stable power supply along the entire line. The solution will meet customer requirements for safe, stable, and efficient railway operations and ensure highly reliable communications for the railway.
NEWS | JUN 05, 2017|Huawei Wins 10 Year Anniversary Award for Accelerating Small Cell Deployments Worldwide|Cell World Summit in London, Huawei won the 10 year anniversary award issued by the Small Cell Forum in recognition of Huawei's efforts to accelerate Small Cell deployment worldwide, and the companys outstanding contribution to the Small Cell industry.
NEWS | JUN 03, 2017|Huawei: Companies must deal with the uncertainties of the future|On the conference, VL Summit, in Copenhagen, Denmark, Director of the Board, Corporate SVP of Huawei, Ms. Chen Lifang, gave her perspective on how companies can cope with the uncertainty the future holds.
NEWS | JUN 02, 2017|Huawei’s OpenLab Bangkok inaugurated to support digital transformation and the “Thailand 4.0” scheme Launched with more than 40 international and local partners|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, announces the launch of its OpenLab Bangkok to provide one-stop ICT infrastructure support for enterprises as well as to facilitate the Thailands digital transformation drive.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2017|Ministries and Huawei jointly introduces Digital Roadmap to support|“Thailand 4.0” vision.|Thailand's Ministry of Sciences|Technology, Ministry of Digital Economy|Society, and Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, have jointly developed a digital roadmap to help the Kingdom propelling into the digital economy and achieving its Thailand 4.0 vision.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2017|Huawei and Henan Unicom Jointly Deploy All-Optical Access Smart Hotels|Huawei will team up with Henan Unicom (the Henan branch of China Unicom) to deploy a smart hotel solution based on all-optical access, helping to promote the digital transformation of the hotel industry.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2017|Huawei and Grameenphone's Joint Solution VillaRadio|Enhances Deep Coverage in Emerging Markets|Huawei and Telenor's Grameenphone (GP) jointly won the GTB 2017 Infrastructure Innovation award at the annual Telecommunications Industry Innovation Awards hosted by Global Telecoms Business (GTB). This award was presented in recognition of the outstanding contributions of Huawei and GPs joint innovation program, VillaRadio, to promote the mobile broadband (MBB) network development in emerging markets. VillaRadio aims to address the in-depth network coverage issues in residential areas.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2017|Huawei Release 4K UHD Video Network Solution Supporting MSOs in IP Video Evolution|At ANGA COM Exhibition 2017, Huawei released the 4K ultrahigh definition (UHD) video network solution for multiple system operators (MSOs), and demonstrated 4K UHD video, 4K multi-screen TV, and converged video delivery of traditional CATV and IPTV based on hybrid fiber-coaxial (HFC) networks. This solution will support MSOs in realizing their all-IP video evolution.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2017|Huawei Receives Prestigious SAP HANA® Innovation Award|Huawei received an Honorable Mention in the Special Award category of the SAP HANA Innovation Awards 2017 at SAPPHIRE NOW, the worlds premier business technology event and largest SAP customer-run conference held in Orlando, USA, May 16-18.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2017|Huawei X Labs White Paper Identifies Opportunity for Telecom Operators to Accelerate Connected Farms|Huawei X Labs today released a white paper that highlights the potential for telecom operators to help farmers increase efficiency and productivity through smart agriculture. The report identifies significant opportunities for telecom operators to provide end-to-end Internet of Things (IoT) services to contribute to the entire agriculture value chain. Huawei X Labs estimates that by 2020 the total addressable market for telecom operators in agriculture will be USD 12.9 billion from vertical integration, partnership and marketing, and value added services.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2017|UK EE and Huawei Win Informa 2017 ‘Most Successful Deployment of NFV’ Award|UK EE and Huawei have jointly won the '2017 Most Successful Deployment of NFV' award at the Network Virtualization Industry Awards 2017 organized by Informa. This award affirms UK EE and Huawei's efforts and contributions for successful commercial projects in the NFV industry.
NEWS | MAY 30, 2017|Huawei Released the CloudFAN Prototype for MSOs, Promoting Cloud Evolution for HFC Networks|At ANGA COM Exhibition 2017, Huawei released the CloudFAN prototype for multiple system operators (MSOs), and demonstrated fast service provisioning capabilities and smart home based on cloud under the cooperation between open protocols and network controllers.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2017|Huawei OceanStor Dorado V3 Achieves Certification as an Enterprise Storage Solution for SAP HANA®|Huawei today announced that its all flash storage OceanStor Dorado V3 is now certified by SAP as an enterprise storage solution for the SAP HANA platform. OceanStor Dorado V3 with two controllers supports up to 18 SAP HANA nodes, and additionally leveraging OceanStor Dorado V3 with SAP HANA supports customers by offering outstanding performance and reliability.
NEWS | MAY 25, 2017|Huawei and Keppel Data Centers Announce to Jointly Develop the New-generation Data Center|Huawei signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Keppel Data Centres (Keppel DC ) Huawei Asia Pacific ISP Summit 2017 in Singapore. Both companies will work closely to develop dynamic, cost-effective and customer-oriented solutions for hyper scale cloud-based data center.
NEWS | MAY 25, 2017|Huawei’s CloudSBC Solution Wins 'Excellence in Virtualization/Cloudification' Award|Huawei's CloudSBC solution was presented with the Excellence in Virtualization/Cloudification award at the IMS World Forum 2017.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2017|Huawei attends SAPPHIRE NOW® as a Top Sponsor|As a top-level sponsor, Huawei took part in the 2017 SAPPHIRE NOW and ASUG Annual Conference held in Orlando, USA, from May 16 to 18.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2017|Huawei Unveils a Stylish New Series of MateBook Devices|Huawei today introduced a trio of new MateBooks, expanding its mobile portfolio and building on its success in delivering beautifully-designed and powerful high-end devices. The HUAWEI MateBook X, HUAWEI MateBook E and HUAWEI MateBook D feature dynamic new advances, redefining the intersection of mobility and personal computing. With the introduction of this new series, Huawei once again delivers on its commitment to innovation. The new trio of MateBooks will begin shipping over the summer of 2017.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2017|Huawei Becomes Diamond Sponsor for Infosys Confluence 2017|Infosys Confluence 2017 was held in San Francisco, United States on May 23-25. Infosys Confluence 2017 is Infosys' most important thought leaders summit, over 2,000 industry experts, partners, and customers were invited to participate in order to explore the future's digital transformation and its impact on enterprises as well as to jointly discuss and share the best practices in the industry. Huawei joined the summit as a diamond sponsor, displayed a series of their joint solutions with Infosys, and engaged in deep exchanges with partners and customers.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2017|HUAWEI REINFORCES ECOSYSTEM INNOVATION AND LEADERSHIP AT COMMUNICASIA 2017|Huawei Technologies announced collaboration and partnerships with 20 key industry peers at this years Huawei eco-Connect conference, held in conjunction with CommunicAsia 2017.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2017|Huawei Helps China Telecom Build the First Intelligent All-Optical Backbone Transport Network in China|Huawei exclusively won the bid for China Telecom's Reconfigurable Optical Add/Drop Multiplexer (ROADM) Network Project in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River. This is the first intelligent ROADM WDM backbone network to be built in China, marking the beginning of China Telecom's optical transport network evolving towards the intelligent optical networking era. This is also a major step forward for the "CTNET2025" network transformation strategy of China Telecom.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2017|Sixth China OpenStack Bug Smash Ensures Smooth Release|Huawei, China Mobile, Intel, and China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI) teamed up to host the sixth China OpenStack Bug Smash from May 17 to 19 this year. During the event, 85 bugs were fixed, 2 blueprints were developed and 9 OpenStack community projects were shared, helping iron out the kinks in OpenStack Pike before its upcoming release.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2017|Huawei eLTE SafeCity Wins CCW2017 Future Technology Award|Huawei's eLTE SafeCity solution won the Future Technology Award at Critical Communications World 2017 which was presented by TCCA (TETRA and Critical Communications Association). This honor recognizes Huawei's technical leadership and contribution to continued innovation in the area of critical communications.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2017|Huawei ICT Energy Efficiency Summit|Huawei holds the ICT Energy Efficiency Summit 2017 with theme of Energy Road Towards Network 2020 in Dubai on May 17. At the summit, Huawei shares its outlook on the energy trend of ICT industry with experts from STC, du, Jazz, China Mobile and Frost|Sullivan. Participants also share their best practice for carriers network energy and inspire carriers to open road to smart energy.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2017|Czech President Milos Zeman Meets with Huawei Rotating and Acting CEO Guo Ping in Beijing|Joined by a delegation of government representatives, President Milos Zeman of the Czech Republic recently met with Huawei's Rotating and Acting CEO, Guo Ping, in Beijing. During the meeting, Guo Ping shared Huawei's latest developments in the information and communications technology (ICT) sector and expressed the company's intention to continue investing and growing in the Czech Republic. President Zeman spoke highly of Huawei's contribution to the country's economic development. He also complimented the company on its choice of Jaromir Jagr, world-renowned Czech ice hockey player, as the brand ambassador of its devices, and congratulated Huawei on its growing share of the Czech market.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2017|Huawei Holds Fifth Power Summit with Partners in South Africa|As Africa's largest electric power exhibition, African Utility Week (AUW) 2017 is held in Cape Town, South Africa from May 16 to 18. During the exhibition, Huawei co-hosted its Fifth Power Summit under the theme "Leading New ICT, the Road to Smart Grid". More than 260 government officials, electric power industry executives and experts gathered to discuss how innovative ICT products and solutions can be used to enable a Smart Grid that delivers efficient, reliable and affordable energy to consumers.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2017|Huawei Releases eLTE SafeCity Solution for Public Safety|Huawei has released its eLTE SafeCity solution at Critical Communications World 2017. The solution forms part of a joint effort between Huawei and its partners to enhance global safety, aiming to provide global governments and customers with reliable and comprehensive E2E wireless networks that support service convergence, multiple sensors, and mobile police cloud.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2017|Huawei Doubles Down on Commitment to ICT in Spain|During a visit to China by a delegation from the Spanish Government, Inigo de la Serna, Spain's Minister of Public Works, met with Guo Ping, the Deputy Chairman and Rotating and Acting CEO of Huawei. At the meeting, Guo Ping outlined Huawei's contribution to job creation and the cultivation of local ICT talent, and discussed plans to help drive the growth of Spain's digital economy.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2017|Huawei wins ‘Excellence Awards’ at TM Forum Live! 2017, jointly with Telefónica Germany and China Mobile|Huawei is the winner of two TM Forum Excellence Awards, in recognition of the exceptional transformation projects that the company, in partnership with its customers, has delivered over the past 12 months.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2017|MTN, Qualcomm and Huawei Jointly Launch First LAA Commercial Network in Africa|MTN SA successfully completed Africa's first commercial LAA deployment working with Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. LAA, or Licensed-Assisted Access, is a very promising unlicensed spectrum technology that can help global operators address the challenges of spectrum shortage.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2017|Huawei Expands Telco OS Communications Industry Digital Transformation Partner Program|Huawei today announced the expansion of their Telco OS Partner Program to stimulate joint go-to-market approaches and solutions with Service (SI) partners. As part of this initiative, the company also announced that it has signed an Alliance Memorandum of Understanding with Infosys to explore joint solutions in the Business Support Systems (BSS) domain. This announcement was made at the TM Forum Live! 2017, where both companies are participating.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2017|Huawei Showcases Latest ICT Solutions with Partners|to Power Digital Aviation at Dubai Airport Show|At Dubai Airport Show 2017, Huawei is showcased its full suite of airport-oriented ICT capabilities for the first time under the theme "Leading New ICT, The Road to Digital Aviation." The airport solutions on display were developed with industry-leading partners such as T-Systems, SAP, TravelSky - Civil Aviation Cares of Qingdao, YITU, Terra Vision, HYDATA, and SenseTime. Huaweis airport ICT solutions include: visualized airport operation, panoramic video surveillance and aviation cloud, which together enhance passenger experience, enable smart operations and intelligent security protection, as well as improve the ICT infrastructure to power aviation cloud platforms.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2017|Huawei and Hamad International Airport Enter into a Strategic Partnership for Co-Innovation|At the 17th Dubai Airport Show, in Dubai, UAE, Huawei and Hamad International Airport (HIA) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), formalizing a strategic partnership to enable the airports digital transformation.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2017|Serbian President-elect Aleksandar Vucic Meets with Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang in Beijing|Aleksandar Vucic, Serbian Prime Minister and President-elect, met with Huawei's Chairwoman, Sun Yafang, in Beijing this afternoon. Together they reviewed the history of cooperation between Huawei and Serbia, then moved on to discuss Serbia's national ICT strategy and digital transformation initiatives. Before the meeting, General Manager of Huawei Serbia, Wei Wenyuan, signed a strategic partnership agreement for future ICT infrastructure development with the Minister of Education, Science and Technological Development of Serbia, Mladen Sarcevic.
NEWS | MAY 13, 2017|Ethiopian PM looks to deepen cooperation with Huawei in driving ICT growth|Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn looked to collaborate with Huawei to build the ICT industry in Ethiopia during his meeting with the companys chairwoman, Sun Yafang, in Beijing on May 13.
NEWS | MAY 12, 2017|Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang Meets with Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang|During a visit to China to attend the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, Tran Dai Quang, President of Vietnam, met with Sun Yafang, Chairwoman of Huawei, at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing. Also present at the meeting were 12 Vietnamese ministers and deputy ministers, including Deputy Prime Minister, Vuong Dinh Hue; Minister of Industry and Trade, Tran Tuan Anh; Minister of Planning and Investment, Nguyen Chi Dung; and Minister of Information and Communications, Truong Minh Tuan. The two parties discussed opportunities to collaborate in cyber security, information and communications technology (ICT), and talent development.
NEWS | MAY 12, 2017|Huawei KunLun Certified for 16TB SAP HANA®|The Huawei KunLun Mission Critical Server is now SAP-certified under general availability. Offering 16TB of processing power, the KunLun server now makes Huawei one of the few providers of solutions for SAP HANA larger than 10TB. With its database computing performance, memory, and reliability, availability and serviceability (RAS 2.0), KunLun helps boost the digital transformation of enterprises.
NEWS | MAY 12, 2017|Huawei Passed OpenStack Interoperability Test for the Second Time|Huawei, together with other 14 OpenStack vendors, passed the test of OpenStack Interoperability Challenge on stage at the OpenStack Summit Boston. It was the second time that Huawei passed this test, which demonstrated that Huawei FusionSphere fulfills the requirement of OpenStack Interoperability and can make application portability and user choice a reality.
NEWS | MAY 11, 2017|Huawei Shares Business Practices at OSCON 2017|The 19th OSCON (Open Source Convention) is being held in Austin, in the United States from May 8th through the 11th. At the event, Huawei openly shared some of its business practices and the progress of its developer ecosystem to help customers accelerate their digital transformations.
NEWS | MAY 02, 2017|Huawei’s OpenLab Dubai Officially Starts Operation|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, announced the launch of OpenLab Dubai, its first one to serve customers and partners in the Middle East, and an important part of Huawei's Global OpenLab program. OpenLab Dubai is committed to providing innovative solutions for IoT, cloud computing, big data, intelligent analysis, eLTE, converged communications and other new technologies to build public safety, smart city, oil and gas solutions, and has attracted YITU, Zenith, Walkbase, 7G , IOmniscient, Nedap, Richfit and more than 20 other partners.
NEWS | APR 27, 2017|Huawei and Simyo Win MVNO Awards at MVNO World Congress 2017|Huaweis BSS Cloud solution won Best Solution Provider award at MVNO World Congress 2017. Simyo, with the help of Huawei BSS Cloud solution for its innovative business transformation, won Most Innovative MVNO award as well.
NEWS | APR 27, 2017|CarbonData Becomes a Top-Level Project at the Apache Software Foundation|The Apache Software Foundation recently announced that the Huawei-contributed CarbonData program has graduated from the Apache Incubator and become a top-level project (TLP) at the community. This means Huawei is no longer just a participant of the big data open source community, it has become a leader of the community and ecosystem.
NEWS | APR 27, 2017|Huawei Releases C-C4ISR Collaborative Public Safety Solutions|at Global Safe City Summit 2017|Huawei hosted its Global Safe City Summit 2017 themed "Leading New ICT, The Road to Collaborative Public Safety" in Dubai from April 26-27. More than 350 government customers, industry experts, and partners participated in the summit to share their experience and opinions, and promote digital transformation of the public safety industry. During the summit, Huawei introduced the C-C4ISR Collaborative Public Safety Solutions, which will drive digital transformation of the global public safety industry. Together with world-leading public safety partners such as YITU, SenseTime, Zenith, iOmniscient, and GSAFETY, Huawei also released the first all-cloud and matrix intelligence Video Cloud Solution and Crisis and Disaster Management Solution. The solutions are designed to address diverse safety threats and protect citizens in cities across the world.
NEWS | APR 27, 2017|Huawei and Pegasus Sign a Global MoU to Bring Greater Safety and Security to Smart Cities|Huaweis Global Safe City Summit 2017 was held in Dubai under the theme "Leading New ICT, The Road to Collaborative Public Safety". At the summit, Huawei entered a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Pegasus, a DarkMatter company, to develop and deploy joint smart and safe city big data solutions tailored to customer requirements. The agreement will see the companies jointly develop technology and professional capabilities, including but not limited to products and services leveraging Huaweis Public Safety Cloud and Big Data Solution and Pegasus big data analytics applications.
NEWS | APR 27, 2017|Huawei and ESI Build a CAE Public Cloud Solution for Manufacturing|Huawei teamed up with ESI Group (ESI), jointly announced a computer-aided engineering (CAE) Public Cloud Solution to support the digital transformation being experienced by organizations in the manufacturing industries at Hannover Messe 2017. The joint action provides designers and engineers with a public cloud-based CAE solution across multiple physics and engineering disciplines, integrating ESIs virtual engineering solutions with Huawei high-performance computing (HPC) cloud service capabilities through browser-based modeling, analytics, visualization and real-time collaboration tools.
NEWS | APR 26, 2017|Huawei signs MoU with Toshiba|to Collaborate on NB-IoT for “Smart Factory”|At the 2017 Hannover MESSE, Huawei has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Toshiba to collaborate on the integration of NB-IoT (Narrowband Internet of Things) for the development of Smart Factory solutions. The cooperation between Huawei and Toshiba will accelerate the commercial availability of NB-IoT in a diverse range of vertical industries, supporting a range of applications and deployment scenarios as operators are looking ahead towards new business opportunities in vertical industries.
NEWS | APR 26, 2017|Huawei Signs Server OEM Agreement with Red Hat Enterprise Linux|At HANNOVER MESSE 2017, the world's leading industrial show, Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider and GE Digital, the leading software company for the Industrial Internet, jointly launched their Industrial Cloud-based Predictive Maintenance Solution. The new solution seamlessly integrates Huawei's Edge Computing IoT (EC-IoT) with GE's Industrial Internet cloud platform Predix to enable rapid end-to-end connectivity between industrial assets and cloud applications, allowing real-time machine health monitoring, data analysis and perception, and smart maintenance decision-making. In the digital industrial era, the solution helps manufacturers reduce maintenance costs and prevent unplanned asset downtime, as well as drive innovation in products and services.
NEWS | APR 25, 2017|Huawei and Intel Sign a MOU to Accelerate HPC Innovation|Huawei and Intel signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to cooperate in high-performance computing (HPC) to provide competitive and innovative HPC products and solutions. Today, Huawei and Intel held the global HPC collaboration launch ceremony at Hannover Messe 2017, underscoring the beginning of the two partners' deeper collaboration in HPC innovation.
NEWS | APR 25, 2017|Huawei Releases eLTE SmartCampus Solution to Enable Industry 4.0|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, released its eLTE SmartCampus solution at Hannover MESSE 2017. Tailored to enterprises in the port management, mining, and manufacturing sectors, this wireless smart campus solution is designed to support automated production, intelligent logistics, and more efficient management characteristics of what the company calls "Enterprise Campus Communications 2.0."
NEWS | APR 24, 2017|Huawei Releases eLTE SmartGrid Solution to Promote the Digital Transformation of Electric Companies|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, released its eLTE SmartGrid solution at Hannover MESSE 2017. The wireless smart grid solution will accelerate the digital transformation of electric power companies.
NEWS | APR 24, 2017|Telkom and Huawei Present Soft Launch of Indonesia’s First TV-based Video Communication Service in Surabaya|PT Telkom Tbk (Telkom) and Huawei, presented the soft launch of Indonesia's first TV-based video communications service, IndiHome Video Call, at the Atrium Tunjungan Plaza, Surabaya.
NEWS | APR 24, 2017|Huawei and GE Release Industrial Cloud-based Predictive Maintenance Solution|At HANNOVER MESSE 2017, the world's leading industrial show, Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider and GE Digital, the leading software company for the Industrial Internet, jointly launched their Industrial Cloud-based Predictive Maintenance Solution. The new solution seamlessly integrates Huawei's Edge Computing IoT (EC-IoT) with GE's Industrial Internet cloud platform Predix to enable rapid end-to-end connectivity between industrial assets and cloud applications, allowing real-time machine health monitoring, data analysis and perception, and smart maintenance decision-making. In the digital industrial era, the solution helps manufacturers reduce maintenance costs and prevent unplanned asset downtime, as well as drive innovation in products and services.
NEWS | APR 24, 2017|Huawei Showcases Latest ICT Innovations with Partners at Hannover MESSE 2017|At Hannover MESSE 2017 which kicks off today, Huawei is showcasing its full suite of capabilities based on open platforms to drive digital transformation and unlock new opportunities for industrial enterprises.
NEWS | APR 21, 2017|Turkcell and Huawei Commercial Verification of GU@5MHz|at Ankara TechCity2.0 kickoff|Turkcell and Huawei completed verification of the GU@5MHz solution on commercial networks in Aksaray, Turkey. Testing showed that this innovative solution enables dynamic spectrum sharing between GSM and UMTS, boosting spectrum efficiency by 20%. This successful verification marks the beginning of CloudAIR-air interface resource cloudification in Turkcell, opening up the road to 5G.
NEWS | APR 21, 2017|Huawei X Labs New White Paper Unlocks MNO Opportunities in M-Health|Huawei X Labs released its vision for mobile heath care (m-Health) in the A New Era in Connected Health Care White Paper. The white paper highlights significant opportunities to improve health care through remote monitoring and remote care, and focuses on the core role of mobile network operators (MNOs) in providing highly reliable solutions to drive the growth of m-health services.
NEWS | APR 20, 2017|Vodafone Turkey and Huawei Jointly Complete World's First Live GL Spectrum Sharing with overlapping carriers’ trial on Commercial 900 MHz Networks|Recently Vodafone Turkey and Huawei completed the world first verification of the GL spectrum sharing solution on Vodafone's commercial 900 MHz networks in Diyarbakir city of Turkey. This innovative solution|developed as part of a collaboration on spectrum sharing capabilities between Huawei Mobile Innovation Centre and Vodafone Networks CoE (Center of Excellence)|enables spectrum sharing between GSM and LTE with unprecedented overlap between the two technologies, which increases both LTE data rate and cell capacity available in the 900 MHz spectrum allocation from Vodafone Turkey. Compared to LTE 5MHz, the average user throughput is increased by nearly 58% on downlink and 44% on uplink.
NEWS | APR 20, 2017|Huawei: Business Driven All-Cloud Networks Address Future Uncertainties|At the 2017 Global Future Network Development Summit, David Wang, Huawei's President of Products|Solutions, said, "In terms of top-level architecture, future networks need to return to business fundamentals. Network planning and deployment should center around how to realize business value."
NEWS | APR 18, 2017|Huawei Presents Key Symmetric 25G PON Technologies and Calls for|Unified Next-generation PON Standards|At the fourteenth Huawei Analyst Summit held in Shenzhen recently, a Huawei speaker gave an presentation about the key symmetric 25G PON technologies that binding multiple wavelengths to deliver N|25 Gbit/s bandwidths over a single fiber. Huawei called on the industry partners to jointly push for unifed next-generation PON standards.
NEWS | APR 18, 2017|Telefónica Deploys First Service Operations Centers For The Intelligent Management Of Its Networks Based On Customer Experience Analysis In Real Time|Telefnica, using HUAWEI SmartCare SOC Solution, announced today the deployment of three dedicated Service Operations Centers (SOC) in Argentina, Chile and Germany for the intelligent management of its network as a first step of a ground-breaking project which will enable the company to capture, in real time, the true quality of customer service experience, at this stage, in mobile services only. The objective is to guarantee excellent connectivity and performance, so that the customer can always enjoy the services they want, when and how they want.
NEWS | APR 17, 2017|Huawei Launches Intelligent Defined Network Leading the Way to|Next-Generation Network Transformation|Huawei released the framework and technical roadmap of Intelligent Defined Network (IDN), an SDN-based open enabler platform which can intelligently optimize network configuration and management, at the MPLS + SDN + NFV 2017 World Congress in Paris, France, associated with ETSI's Next Generation Protocols Industry Specification Group (NGP ISG). With the core of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies, IDN potentially plays an important role in network operation, such as automatic decision-making, resource scheduling and other various scenarios based on the deeply understanding of network and content.
NEWS | APR 17, 2017|“Digital divide is now a digital chasm”: inequality widens in technology, reports Huawei Global Connectivity Index 2017|Digitally-developed economies around the globe are continuing to progress due to larger investments and adoptions in Information Communication Technology. At the same time, digitally-developing economies have also started to accelerate their growth by investing strategically in ICT capabilities and their digital transformation journeys|yet the gap continues to grow.
NEWS | APR 14, 2017|Telkomsel started the road to 5G by demonstrating Indonesia’s first FDD Massive MIMO technology together with Huawei|Telkomsel announced today Indonesias first FDD Massive MIMO demonstration in collaboration with Huawei. The demonstration achieved 5 times capacity of traditional FDD LTE 2x2 MIMO. As Massive MIMO is one of the key technologies of 5G, this successful demonstration realizes 5G-like experience in 4.5G network, and also marks 4.5G evolution, the beginning of 5G journey for Telkomsel 2017.
NEWS | APR 13, 2017|Huawei Releases ‘3 Dimensional KPI Assessments for High Efficient NFV Multi-Vendor Integration’ White Paper|Huawei has released a white paper titled 3 Dimensional KPI Assessments for High Efficient NFV Multi-Vendor Integration. The white paper describes how a set of multi-vendor NFV benchmarks or Key Performance Indicators (KPI) can greatly improve integration efficiency while minimizing integration risks to facilitate multi-vendor NFV adoption.
NEWS | APR 13, 2017|New Experiences, New Ecosystems, New Boundaries: Huawei Releases Strategy of Creating Indoor Digital Economies|Huawei's LampSite3.0 solution is the first in the industry to realize a 240 MHz full-bandwidth capability. This capability further enhances digital MBB network sharing among operators and allows more business partners to participate in indoor digital infrastructure construction. In the future, Huawei will continue its efforts to enhance cooperation with global leading industry partners, including indoor network designers, site providers, and indoor network integrators, to build new win-win business ecosystems.
NEWS | APR 13, 2017|Huawei Launches a New Compact Router for Its NE9000 Series|At the 2017 Huawei Global Analyst Summit, Huawei announced the release of the eight-slot NE9000-8, the newest offering in its series of backbone routers. The NE9000-8 uses the same platform as the previously released 20-slot NE9000 product and at a smaller size. It offers a large forwarding capacity and a rich variety of service features and can serve as an interconnect node for a small and medium-sized Data Center (DC) or a metro core node. NE9000 series products flexibly meet carrier needs in terms of backbone network service development for different scenarios, helping prepare carrier networks for cloud evolution.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Continuous Evolution of All-Cloud Wireless Network Architecture: Engine of the Development of All Industries in 5G Era|During Huaweis Global Analyst Summit 2017, Huawei further elaborated its latest strategy about All-Cloud wireless network based on CloudRAN. The strategy will dramatically push forward the evolution of the current network to 5G, to improve the user experience of Mobile Broadband (MBB), to meet the diversified service requirements of all vertical industries, and to help construct the application-driven network and the open industry ecosystem.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Services Aims to Address Carriers’ Business Problems|Huawei today released its carrier services business performance for 2016. By executing the product-driven and services-driven strategy, Huawei Services reported revenues of USD13.32 billion in 2016 and kept robust growth in improving carriers network value, operation efficiency, an digital transformation. Huawei Services aims to address carriers business problems and help them transform towards digital business.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Consumer BG: Focusing on User Experience to Craft Leading Cloud Services Globally|The 14th Huawei Global Analyst Conference was held in Shenzhen on April 12, 2017, with more than 500 analysts and media organizations around the globe attending the event. At the event, the Huawei Consumer BG briefed attendees on its performance and brand presence in 2016, on the ecosystem it is building on the basis of Huawei Consumer Cloud Services, and also on its device strategies for the coming "+intelligence" era. In the coming years, the Huawei Consumer BG will continue to focus on intelligence and interaction, and devote efforts to developing the intelligent devices of the future, in order to bring about tremendous improvements to the user experience.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|2017 Huawei Analyst Summit Showcases Strong Growth in Global Presence|The 14th Huawei Analyst Summit was held in Shenzhen today, attracting more than 500 analysts and media from across the globe. At the summit, Huaweis Consumer Business Group (CBG) updated leading industry observers on its business and brand performance, its ecosystem around consumer cloud services, and showcased device strategies for the smart digital era. Moving forward, Huawei CBG will focus on two technology revolutions: intelligence and interaction. Tapping into these areas, Huawei will drive the development of smart devices to that reshape consumer experiences.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Launches Network Value+ to Help Carriers Digital Business|Huawei launched Network Value+, a precision investment solution for carriers digital business, at the 2017 Huawei Global Analyst Summit. During the development of digital services, such as the video and enterprise private line (EPL), this solution provides carriers with network planning, construction, and evolution schemes targeting the full-service trend, ensuring effective investment and maximizing network value.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Enterprise Business Grows by 47% in 2016 Leading New ICT, the Road to Digital Transformation|Held from April 11 to 13, at Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2017, under the theme "Leading New ICT, the Road to Digital Transformation", Huawei Enterprise Business Group (BG) shared with global analysts, media, and opinion leaders its performance in 2016, as well as its vision, strategy, and practices for digital transformation.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Advocates Network Innovation to Maintain Operators' Continuous Growth|During the Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS) 2017, Huawei introduced the development direction of wireless network innovations in the 5G-oriented all-cloud era. Huawei is dedicated to maintaining operators' continual growth through the early deployment of 5G technologies on 4G networks, immediate adoption of new business models, and continuous evolution of network architecture.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Launches All-Cloud Network Application Platform to Unleash the Digitalized Value of Networks|At the 2017 Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS2017), Huawei launches the Huawei CloudApp Platform which is based on the All-Cloud Network Architecture. The platform offers social technology application for a range of industries. It also uses open application programming interfaces (APIs) to quickly integrate the current application, as well as it could easily develop new applications. This allows enterprises to leverage the value of network data, quickly respond to market changes, and seize new business opportunities.
NEWS | APR 12, 2017|Huawei Announces Hybrid Cloud Support by Its STaaS Solution|Analysts, opinion leaders, representatives of media outlets, and a variety of guests from all over the world have gathered at the 14th Huawei Global Analyst Summit, held in Shenzhen from April 11-13, to discuss the latest opportunities and challenges brought by cloud computing. Robert Simmons, Huawei's Storage Product Management Dept. Director, presented the keynote speech during the Cloud and IT Infrastructure session, elaborating on the solutions and products that center around Huawei's "Data on Demand" strategy. He also announced that Huawei's new Storage as a Service (STaaS) solution, launched in March 2017, will be able to run in a hybrid cloud environment to ensure a consistent experience both on- and off-premises.
NEWS | APR 11, 2017|Go Digital, Go Cloud: Huawei Explores New Growth Potential in an Intelligent World|Over 500 industry analysts, media representatives, and opinion leaders across a range of disciplines gathered in Shenzhen today for the 14th annual Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS). Hosted by leading global information and communications (ICT) solutions provider, Huawei Technologies, the analyst summit will highlight Huawei's latest innovations, business practices, and solutions in domains like cloud services, video, the Internet of Things (IoT), AI, and digital transformation. Huawei will also take this opportunity to discuss its strategy in these domains.
NEWS | APR 11, 2017|Trusted and Open Huawei Public Cloud Makes Business Agile|The Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2017 (HAS 2017) opened today in Shenzhen and will run through the thirteenth. Analysts, media outlets, and key opinion leaders from all over the world are attending this year's event. Huawei, lately set up Cloud BU in March, launched its first public cloud service suite ServiceStage at HAS 2017. Open to Cloud Native app developers, the new offering integrates the development workflow framework, app and resource scheduling framework, as well as micro-service operation and governance framework. Through joint innovation with industry partners, Huawei will promote ten scenario-specific cloud service solutions this year, covering HPC Cloud, SAP Cloud, IoT Cloud, as well as other common scenarios. Enterprises can enjoy more efficient options for digital transformation. The trusted and open Huawei Public Cloud as well as local service capabilities around the world is dedicated to create more business value for customers, making Huawei a trust-worthy partner as enterprises move to the cloud.
NEWS | APR 10, 2017|3 Hong Kong will deploy Huawei’s advanced network technologies in preparation for the high-speed and high-capacity 5G era|3 Hong Kong, the mobile communications division of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited (HTHKH, stock code: 215), and Huawei today announced plans for a series of network upgrades. Deploying Huaweis advanced technologies over the next few years, 3 Hong Kong will boost its network capacity and coverage to meet rising customer demand for data and prepare for the high-speed and high-capacity 5G era.
NEWS | APR 06, 2017|Huawei Partners with Global Switch to Build Modular Data Centers Supporting Smart O&M|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, announced today at CeBIT 2017 that it has partnered with the Global Switch, a leading provider of network dense, carrier and cloud neutral multi-tenanted data centers across Europe and Asia-Pacific.
NEWS | APR 06, 2017|Huawei CloudEngine Modules for Ansible Aim to Simplify Network Automation|Huawei today announced the release of its CloudEngine switch networking modules for Ansible, the leading simple, powerful, and agentless open source IT automation framework. Huawei has collaborated with the upstream Ansible open source community to create Ansible networking modules of CloudEngine switches, one of the core components of Huaweis CloudFabric data center network solution. The networking modules can be deployed in production environments to help customers achieve automated network operation and maintenance (OM) in a more secure, efficient, and reliable way.
NEWS | APR 05, 2017|Huawei’s SmartPCC Solution Wins 'Most Highly Developed NFV/SDN Operational Architecture for PCRF' Award|The Huawei SmartPCC solution won the Most Highly Developed NFV/SDN Operational Architecture for PCRF award at the Policy Control Conference held in Berlin, Germany.
NEWS | APR 05, 2017|China Telecom and Huawei Co-convene an IoT-themed Symposium, Inspiring the Construction of the NB-IoT-based Smart City Ecosystem|On March 30, China Telecom and Huawei co-convened a symposium in Shenzhen to strengthen the understanding of Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) application to Smart City, particularly focusing on public service provisioning. The symposium had invited participants from China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) and over 100 renowned enterprises from the industries of water, gas, meter manufacturing, platform, and other associated fields in China. The symposium was ultimately very successful and provided interested parties an opportunity to fully discuss on how NB-IoT applications improve the public service provisioning capabilities of Smart City and the construction of the NB-IoT-based Smart City ecosystem.
NEWS | APR 05, 2017|Huawei Hosts Southeast Asia Talent Development Forum in Bangkok|Huawei Southeast Asia Talent Development Forum 2017 opened on Monday in Bangkok. Under the theme Developing ICT Talent, Empowering Digital Transformation, the two-day forum will serve as a platform for government officials, Telco operators and industry players across Southeast Asia to explore and discuss talent development strategy in the digital transformation era, and to learn from leading global operators through proven practices and experiences.
NEWS | MAR 31, 2017|Huawei 2016 Annual Report: Solid Growth and Sustained Investment in the Future|Huawei today released its audited financial results for 2016, reporting that its Carrier, Enterprise, and Consumer business groups (BGs) each achieved solid year-on-year growth. Group annual revenue was CNY521.6 billion (US$75.1 billion), an increase of 32% over 2015. Net profits were CNY37.1 billion (US$5.3 billion), an increase of 0.4%. In 2016, Huawei continued to invest in the future, with the company's annual spending on research and development reaching CNY76.4 billion (US$11 billion).
NEWS | MAR 31, 2017|Notice on Rotating CEO Tenure|Mr. Guo Ping will be the Rotating and Acting CEO of Huawei from April 1st 2017 to September 30th 2017, according to Huawei's Rotating CEO system. The Rotating and Acting CEO acts as the primary person of the company's operations and crisis management during his tenure, and is responsible for convening and chairing the meetings of Board of Directors' Executive Committee and the company's Executive Management Team.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|EcoDataCenter and Huawei enters partnership within the data centre|At CeBIT 2017, Huawei signed a partnership agreement with EcoDataCenter to cooperate in the data center sector.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Huawei Partners with Daily-Tech to Build Future-oriented Smart Modular Data Centers|Huawei announced today at CeBIT 2017 that it has partnered with Daily-Tech Beijing CO., Limited.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Huawei and Beijing Co-Op Sign Partnership Agreement to Build Cloud Data Center|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, signed a partnership agreement with Beijing Federation of Supply and Marketing Cooperatives (Beijing Co-Op) at CeBIT 2017 in Hannover, Germany. CeBIT is an internationally renowned consumer electronics, communications, and IT exp.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Huawei and Colt Data Centre Services Announce Partnership in Cloud Data Center Infrastructure at CeBIT 2017|Huawei has announced a collaboration with Colt Data Center Services (Colt DCS for short) which will see the two companies working closely together to serve the hyper scale cloud-based data center solutions. Announced at CeBIT 2017, the partnership will focus on responding to increasing industry requirements for dynamic, cost-effective, and customer-oriented data center infrastructure in the cloud era.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Huawei Facilitates Business Cloudification of the Container Industry|The second global CloudNativeCon + KubeCon took place in March 29-30, in Berlin, Germany. Huawei is a founder and platinum member of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF), and at the event demonstrated its best practice and innovations in cloud native applications based on Huawei's FusionStage PaaS platform. Huawei has been promoting the development of container communities, working together with them to build a container ecosystem aimed at facilitating the business cloudification and development of cloud native applications.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Telenor and Huawei Jointly Announce First 5G Demo in Norway|Telenor Group and Huawei jointly announced the first 5G based E-band1 multi-user MIMO2 demo in Norway this month. The maximum speed reached by the demo was 70Gbps. Furthermore, a Joint Desktop Study that will provide insights and learnings to identify necessary update steps from 4G to 5G technology in Telenors Network, will be operated through the Telenor and Huawei Joint Innovation Center.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2017|Huawei Presented With Two Industry Awards at TV Connect 2017|Huaweis Envision convergence video solution won TV Connect 2017 Industry Awards for Best Innovation in Cross-boundary Convergence and Best Mobile Video Innovation categories.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2017|Huawei Releases a New Cloud-based High Performance Unified CDN Solution|At todays TV Connect, Huawei released a new cloud-based high performance unified CDN solution, which assists operators to improve user experience, and carry out services covering a large number of users of high-definition video, 4K/UHD video, UGC video and personalized sharing.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2017|MTN South Africa, Qualcomm and Huawei completed 4x4 MIMO live network test|Recently, MTN South Africa, Qualcomm Technologies Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, and Huawei jointly completed 4x4 MIMO field trial in a live network, where the average download throughput increased by 74% compared to traditional LTE 2x2 MIMO. Based on that excellent performance of the technology, MTN plan to rollout South Africa's largest 4x4 MIMO network in 2017 to provide users with the best 4.5G experience.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2017|TM Forum shortlists Huawei as a finalist for four ‘Excellence Awards’|Global ICT Solutions provider, Huawei, today announced that it has been shortlisted as a finalist for four TM Forum Excellence Awards 2017 based on the customer projects it has delivered over the past 12 months, alongside its ongoing contribution to broader industry development through its collaboration with peers within TM Forum.
NEWS | MAR 26, 2017|Egyptian ICT Minister inaugurates Huawei's Customer Solution Innovation & Integration Experience Center in Egypt|Eng. Yasser ElKady, Minister of Communications and Information Technology and Song Aiguo, Chinese Ambassador in Egypt inaugurated on Sunday Huaweis Customer Solution Innovation|Integration Experience Center (CSIC) at Smart Village in the presence of Han Bing , China's Economic and Commercial Counselor in Egypt and Terry Liu, CEO of Huawei Egypt.
NEWS | MAR 24, 2017|Huawei and Indra collaborate to foster their international growth strategies|Huawei and Indra, one of the global consulting and technology companies, have signed a Global Frame Agreement at CeBIT 2017 to develop joint ICT solutions for multiple sectors.
NEWS | MAR 24, 2017|Huawei's CloudOpera IES Successfully Participated in EANTC|Interoperability Tests|Huawei announced today that its ICT infrastructure enabling system, CloudOpera IES, has successfully participated in the interoperability tests hosted by the European Advanced Networking Test Center (EANTC) at the MPLS + SDN + NFV World Congress 2017.
NEWS | MAR 24, 2017|Huawei and Commvault Jointly Launch Hybrid Cloud Backup Solution|Huawei and Commvault have released their Hybrid Cloud Backup Solution at CeBIT 2017. The solution enables enterprises to efficiently and securely back up the core data of private data centers to a Huawei public cloud platform using Commvault software.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei Wins Global Product Leadership Award from Frost & Sullivan with Revolutionary Telecom Energy Products|Based on its recent analysis of the telecom energy industry, Frost|Sullivan has recognized Huawei with a 2016 Global Award for product leadership. Huawei has demonstrated exceptional commitment towards driving the transformation of the telecom energy industry and building a green and smart telecom energy network.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2017|Huawei Marine Presents Live Demo of 100G Ultra-Long Unrepeatered System at OFC 2017|Huawei Marine presented a live demonstration of its ultra-long unrepeatered system at the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exhibition (OFC) in Los Angeles.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2017|Huawei Launches SD-WAN Solution to Deliver Ultimate Experience in Enterprise WAN Interconnection|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei launched its Software-Defined WAN (SD-WAN) solution and a series of universal computing gateways, providing on-demand interconnection between branches, branches and data centers, and branches and the cloud. The solution delivers the ultimate experience in WAN interconnection through application-level network-wide intelligent path selection, smart acceleration, and cloud-based visualized Operations and Maintenance (OM).
NEWS | SEP 05, 2017|Huawei Launches the First All-Cloud, Network-wide Smart Video Cloud Solution|At HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Huawei today launched the industry's first all-cloud, network-wide smart video cloud solution, together with industry partners including YITU, SenseTime, NetPosa, Harzone, MIMOS, and Qognify. The open cloud platform benefits from a vast ecosystem of partners delivering a wide-range of smart video analytic algorithms.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2017|HUAWEI CONNECT 2017: Cloud-and-Network Synergy Creates New Growth Opportunities for Carriers|Today's ROADS to New Growth summit at HUAWEI CONNECT 2017 highlighted the latest progress by telecom carriers in finding new growth areas in the industry. Industry thought leaders, leading carriers, Huawei and its partners, also discussed how cloud and network synergies can help carriers play to their strengths and support the digital transformation of vertical industries.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2017|Huawei Debuts its Innovative Enterprise Intelligence Solution and Positions Huawei Cloud as an Enabler of Intelligent World|Today, on the first day of HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, Zheng Yelai, President of Huawei's Cloud BU and President of the IT product line, updated attendees on the current progress of Huawei cloud business, and also unveiled Huawei's innovative Enterprise Intelligence (EI) solution for the enterprise market.
NEWS | SEP 05, 2017|Platform and Ecosystem Strategy Accelerates Digital Transformation: 197 Fortune Global 500 Companies Tap Huawei for Success in New ICT Era|Huawei, and its Fortune Global 500 partners and customers showcased jointly-developed ICT solutions driving digital transformation at HUAWEI CONNECT 2017, which kicked off today in Shanghai. Huawei also unveiled its Platform + Connection + Ecosystem strategy designed to promote development of an enterprise-level Internet of Things (IoT).
NEWS | SEP 05, 2017|Huawei Delivers Public Cloud Promise to Build One of Five Major World Clouds at Huawei Connect 2017|HUAWEI CONNECT 2017 opened today at the Shanghai New International Expo Centre. More than 20,000 ICT industry leaders and experts gathered from over 150 countries and regions to jointly explore the direction of advancements in digital technology, share new opportunities, drive industry digitization, and embark on a path to new growth.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2017|Huawei Announces Peak Cell Throughput Exceeds 20 Gbit/s in C-Band Test of China’s 5G Technology R&D Trial|Huawei announces that peak cell throughput has exceeded 20 Gbit/s to achieve a breakthrough in the C-Band test. This test procedure is an important part of the China 5G Technology Research and Development (RD) Trial which is organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. The result indicates that Huawei has again created a new record in this area after the release of China's second-phase 5G radio technology test result at the IMT-2020 (5G) Summit in June.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2017|Huawei Reveals the Future of Mobile AI at IFA 2017|Today at IFA 2017, Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled a new era in smartphone innovation. In a keynote address, Richard Yu, CEO of Huawei Consumer Business Group revealed Huaweis vision for the future of artificial intelligence with the launch of the Kirin 970. By combining the power of the cloud with the speed and responsiveness of native AI processing, Huawei is bringing AI experiences to life and changing the way we interact with our devices.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2017|Huawei Launches Cloud Access Point for Outdoor High-Density Access|Recently, Huawei launched the industrys first 2.5G/5G cloud access point (AP) which works on two 5 GHz bands for outdoor campus scenarios. This next-generation cloud AP is a supplement to Huaweis CloudCampus solution for outdoor high-density access and will further drive CloudCampus implementation in all situations.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2017|Huawei and Festo Sign MoU for Smart Manufacturing Collaboration with 5G Slicing Technology|Huawei announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Festo to jointly explore the 5G network application of manufacturing and to promote the digital transformation of the manufacturing industry with 5G Slicing Technology.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2017|Huawei Proposes Three Dimensions to Boost Operators’|Business in Asia-Pacific Emerging Markets|Young consumers across the Asia-Pacific region are now the core driver for new communications services and will have a big impact on operators business, according to Zhou Jianjun, Vice President of Huaweis Carrier Business Group. Speaking on "Emerging Markets, New Opportunities" at the Asia-Pacific Emerging Markets Summit in Bangkok, Thailand, Zhou pointed out that young consumers today account for more than half of Asias fast growing population and have grown up as mobile phone and computer users with high expectations of technology.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2017|China Mobile and Huawei Complete Phase-2 Massive MIMO Research to Achieve 1.09 Gbps Cell Throughput|China Mobile(Shenzhen) and Huawei recently completed technical field trials on 4.5G Evolution in which spatial multiplexing of Massive MIMO was used on commercial UEs to achieve the world's first 1 Gbps cell throughput with only 20 MHz TDD spectrum. It is considered as a key milestone in the field of Massive MIMO.
NEWS | AUG 24, 2017|Huawei Marked as LTE Leader by Gartner Magic Quadrant|Huawei is a leader in the LTE market according to the newly-releasedMagic Quadrant for LTE Network Infrastructure1by Gartner, a world leading advisory and research firm. Gartner evaluated the end-to-end (E2E) LTE infrastructure vendor's completeness of vision and ability to execute in the report.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2017|Working with China Telecom Huawei will Build the MEC Network of Ningbo Zhenhai Smart Refinery|China Telecom, Ningbo branch has officially announced that Huawei will build the MEC network for the Ningbo Zhenhai smart refinery.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2017|China Mobile Hong Kong and Huawei Jointly Launch All-Cloud Core Network Showcase|China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited (CMHK) officially announced the launch of their all-Cloud Core Network showcase, which the company has built together with Huawei. This showcase is not only an exhibition center to present CMHKs achievements in all-Cloud Core Network construction and OM fields, but also an innovative incubation center for new businesses.
NEWS | AUG 23, 2017|Huawei to Help Kenya's Safaricom Rapidly Deploy an FTTH Network to Greatly Shorten ROI Period|Huawei announces that it is working with Kenya's Safaricom to deploy a fiber to the home (FTTH) network. Safaricom adopts Huawei's end-to-end (E2E) FTTH solution to rapidly deploy the FTTH network and expand its capability to new home broadband services.
NEWS | AUG 22, 2017|Huawei Partners with Smart Axiata to Launch|Cambodia’s First 4.5G Network|Huawei and Smart Axiata, Cambodias mobile operator, have announced the rollout of 4.5G mobile connectivity in the country, at a joint press conference themed 4.5G Evolution: Road to 5G.
NEWS | AUG 22, 2017|Huawei Releases the NFV Network Assurance White Paper|Huawei has released a new technology white paper entitled Next-Generation Assurance in NFV Networks. The white paper analyzes in detail Communication Service Providers (CSP) NFV assurance and maintenance technique requirements during digital transformation.
NEWS | AUG 17, 2017|Huawei Hosts First Apache HBaseCon Asia to Drive Big Data Industry Growth Together with Industry Experts|In early August, Huawei held the first Apache HBaseCon Asia in Shenzhen. The conference brought together over 300 HBase developers from well-known companies in the industry. A number of heavyweight Apache HBase Project Management Committee (PMC) members and committers, as well as more than 20 HBase senior engineers from China, the United States, India, and other countries delivered a total of 19 excellent speeches. They shared their experiences in HBase 2.0, key kernel features, HBase application cases and industry innovations, cloud-based HBase services, and container technology.
NEWS | AUG 14, 2017|Huawei Launches 5G-oriented Mobile Bearer Solution X-Haul|Today, Huawei officially released its 5G-oriented mobile bearer solution X-Haul. This solution has four core values: providing flexible access capabilities that can match the scenario of any site; implementing agile network operations based on a cloud architecture; enabling new service innovation through end-to-end network slicing; and supporting smooth evolution from 4G bearer networks to 5G bearer networks.
NEWS | AUG 14, 2017|Huawei Wins Red Dot Communication Design Award|for its Envision Multi-screen Application|Huawei said it has won the prestigious Red Dot Award: Communication Design, for its Envision Multi-screen Application. The award judges described the Huawei design as: Simple, fluid, immersive and inspiring. Red Dot Awards, known as the "Design Oscars", received more than 8000 submissions from 50 countries for the 2017 competition.
NEWS | AUG 10, 2017|Huawei and MapD Sign MoU to Accelerate Analytics with GPUs|The leading ICT solution provider Huawei and GPU-powered analytics leader MapD Technologies today announced they have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to accelerate the application of GPU-powered data analytics at scale. The partnership will enhance compatibility and interconnection between Huawei's FusionServer hardware and the MapD analytics platform, enabling organizations to search and visualize multiple billions of rows of data sets in milliseconds.
NEWS | AUG 09, 2017|Huawei's Latest Generation FusionServer 2288H V5|Shatters SPECpower World Records|Huaweis latest-generation FusionServer 2288H V5 has shattered world records for performance, according to the Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation (SPEC), whose benchmark test suite measures the power and performance characteristics of server-class computer equipment. SPECpowers ssj 2008 test results showed Huaweis FusionServer 2288H V5 scored 13,398 to rank number 1 among servers running on the same type of processor.
NEWS | AUG 08, 2017|Huawei and Imagine Announce WTTx Game Changer in the Delivery of Superfast Broadband|Huawei and Imagine Communications Group have announced the formation of a strategic partnership which will witness Ireland become the first country to benefit from the deployment of a pioneering national wireless-to the-x (WTTx) network.
NEWS | AUG 07, 2017|Huawei Ranks First in the Leaders Group of IHS Markit Optical Network Hardware Vendor Scorecard|Huawei ranked first overall in combined market presence and market leadership in the recent Optical Network Hardware Vendor Scorecard (Scorecard) released by IHS Markit, a worlder in critical information, analytics and solutions. Huawei received this assessment for its comprehensive performance on multiple benchmarks including reputation for innovation, market share momentum, and global market share. The Scorecard used concrete data and metrics, including market share, financials and direct feedback from buyers on innovation, product reliability, service and support to evaluate 2016 market performance and future momentum of the top 10 optical network equipment vendors.
NEWS | AUG 04, 2017|Huawei OTN Solution Helps T-Mobile Austria Build Next-Generation Large-Capacity WDM Transport Network|Huawei announced that T-Mobile Austria, a DT company, has selected Huaweis OTN solution for its planned metro WDM and backbone WDM. The projects are intended to build a next-generation large-capacity WDM transport network with leading performance to support the growth of network traffic and services of T-Mobile Austria over the next five years.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2017|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces 2017 H1 Business Results|Huawei Consumer Business Group today announced its 2017 first half year financial results: sales revenue for the first six months of 2017 increased by 36.2% year-on-year to CNY105.4 billion. Smartphone shipments also rose to 73.01million, a year-on-year increase of 20.6%.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2017|Huawei Announces 2017 H1 Business Results|Huawei today announced its business results for the first half of 2017. In the first six months of this year, Huawei generated revenue of CNY283.1 billion, an increase of 15% over the same period last year. The company's operating margin was 11%.
NEWS | JUL 26, 2017|Huawei’s CloudDB Solution Ranks First in the Cloud SDM Field|According to a report on key capabilities required for evolution to cloud SDM, published by Strategy Analytics, a world-famous market research and consulting firm, the CloudDB (Huawei's cloud SDM solution) ranks first among some global mainstream communications service providers in terms of technology features and functionalities.
NEWS | JUL 26, 2017|Huawei Launches the Industry's First FTTB Giga Coax Access Product|At Japan's Cable Tech Show 2017, the country's biggest exhibition for multiple system operators (MSOs), Huawei launched the MA5633-XB10, the industry's first Giga Coax access product intended for use in corridors. This product follows the trend of moving fibers closer to users on hybrid fiber-coaxial (HFC) networks, and enhances the series and full-scenario coverage of Huawei's Distributed-Converged Cable Access Platform (D-CCAP) solution. MSOs can deploy the MA5633-XB10 to provide Gigabit services flexibly and quickly.
NEWS | JUL 21, 2017|Ukraine’s lifecell Starts the First Commercial Use of Easy Macro 2.0|Ukraine's leading telecom operator, lifecell, has joined hands with Huawei to deploy the Easy Macro 2.0-based PoleStar site solution in the famous tourist city of Lviv, becoming the world's first operator to use Easy Macro 2.0 commercially. Inheriting the advantages of Easy Macro 1.0, Easy Macro 2.0 supports more radio access technologies (RATs), larger power, more flexible installation, more uniform coverage, and more centralized power supply, to significantly reduce the difficulty in site acquisition and decrease site construction costs, helping operators maximize the value of existing networks.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2017|Huawei and China Mobile Shaanxi to Deploy Full-Effect Video O&M System|Huawei announced today that it has deployed a Full-Effect Video Operation and Maintenance System (OM system) developed jointly with China Mobile Communications Corporation (China Mobile Shaanxi). The OM system will play a key role in network operations and will increase OM efficiency for video services at China Mobile Shaanxi. The system will optimize traditionally passive maintenance, and will perform in response to subscriber reports, with a proactive model that will further improve video experiences for China Mobile Shaanxis service subscribers.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2017|Huawei Releases FastReach Solution Helping Operators Improve Broadband ROI Rate|At the ninth Huawei User Group Meeting, Huawei released the FastReach solution, enabling operators to build valuable broadband networks and improve return on investment (ROI). This solution supports two core capabilities: fast network construction and fast operation.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2017|Huawei Sonnenwagen to Compete in Australia’s World Solar Challenge|The Huawei Sonnenwagen is ready for the worlds toughest solar race. For two years, a team of students from RWTH Aachen and FH Aachen had been working on the fully solar-powered race car. Now the car, with Huawei as its main sponsor, has officially been introduced and seen off to Australia, where it will take part in the World Solar Challenge 2017|a 3,000 kilometer race through the Australian Outback - as the only German representative in the tough 'Challenger' racing class.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2017|BTL Joins Forces with Huawei Marine to Launch Submarine Cable System|Meeting the two month scheduled installation on time and on budget, Belize Telemedia Ltd (BTL) and Huawei Marine are pleased to announce the successful delivery of BTLs Strategic Evolution Underwater Link (SEUL) project, bringing fiber-optic submarine cable connectivity to San Pedro, Ambergris Caye. Stretching over 23km from the Belize mainland to the Caye, this fiber optic connectivity will be integral in the delivery of world class, lightning fast broadband speeds to the island.
NEWS | JUL 19, 2017|Huawei Reinforces Commitment to Singapore’s Digital Economy through Partnerships with|IMDA, Keppel Data Centres and Ascent Solutions|Huawei today announced partnerships with the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA), Keppel Data Centres, and Ascent Solutions through the signing of two Memorandums of Intent (MOI) and a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), cementing Huawei and its partners commitment towards Singapores Digital Economy future for a Smart Nation.
NEWS | JUL 18, 2017|Huawei Positioned as a Challenger in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Firewalls|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, announced today that it has been positioned in the Challengers quadrant of the 2017 Gartner Magic Quadrant for enterprise firewalls. The Gartner Magic Quadrant report assesses vendors based on two criteria: completeness of vision and ability to execute. Huawei was moved to the Challengers quadrant due to its position as a major player in the global firewall market as well as its innovative dimensional defense system consisting of high-performance hardware NGFWs, cloud-based virtual firewalls, and cloud sandboxes. Huawei NGFWs are one of preferential products for network security solutions deployed by enterprises worldwide.
NEWS | JUL 13, 2017|Huawei and Openreach Test 25G/100G Symmetric PON Prototype Delivering Speeds of up to 100 Gb/s|Huawei and Openreach have tested a 25G/100G symmetric PON prototype to prepare for 5G speeds, as well as manage network demands from ultra-high definition (UHD) video and high-value enterprise leased lines. The technology will enable operators to increase speeds and bandwidth on existing network infrastructure, helping to future-proof their networks.
NEWS | JUL 13, 2017|Huawei Releases FusionServer V5, its Latest Generation Server Series Designed to Power Digital Transformation in the Enterprise|Huawei has announced the global release of its latest-generation FusionServer series servers the FusionServer V5. The new server, announced at Microsoft Inspire in Washington D.C., is designed to power digital transformation in the enterprise. The FusionServer V5 series servers run on the Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.
NEWS | JUL 12, 2017|Huawei and Partners Release World’s First Operational NB-IoT Electrical Energy Smart Meters in Portugal|The first operational pilot project using electrical energy smart meters and NB-IoT communications technology has already started up in the Parque das Naes in Lisbon. This is a pioneering project at a worldwide level that is the result of a partnership between five major companies: NOS, EDP DISTRIBUIO, HUAWEI, JANZ CE and U-BLOX and which will be concluded by the end of the year.
NEWS | JUL 12, 2017|The National Opera of Paris and Huawei France Announce New Online Platform: the Digital Academy|The National Opera of Paris and Huawei France announced the foundation of the Digital Academy today, a unique online platform that marries digital technology, art, and education.
NEWS | JUL 11, 2017|Huawei Commits to Drive African Social and Economic Growth|by Mobile Broadband|Huawei, the leading global ICT solutions provider, said it is ready to partner with African governments, operators and private companies to advance economic and social development on the continent through enhancing mobile broadband. Huawei made the announcement at the GSMA Mobile 360 Africa conference which started in Dar es Salaam today.
NEWS | JUL 11, 2017|Huawei Partners with WorldRemit to Accelerate Growth of Low Cost Mobile-to-Mobile Money Transfers|Huawei have announced a partnership with leading digital money transfer service WorldRemit, making WorldRemits international money transfer service available to all partners of Huaweis mobile money service platform across Africa.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2017|Huawei Joins the Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation|The Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) is pleased to announce that Huawei, the leading global information and communications technology solution provider, has joined the organisation as ICT Sector Member. This is membership category of the CTO that is open to the private sector.
NEWS | JUL 10, 2017|Huawei Wireless X Labs and GTI Jointly Release Cloud Robotics White Paper|GTI jointly issued the "5G|Cloud Robotics White Paper" with China Mobile, SoftBank, Huawei Wireless X Labs, CloudMinds, and Skymind. The white paper discusses the concepts, technologies, market trends, value chain, and business models of cloud robotics, while also performing a detailed analysis of how 5G will unlock latent potential for commercial success.
NEWS | JUL 07, 2017|Huawei Positioned as a “Challenger” in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Data Center Networking|Huawei today announces that Gartner, Inc. now positions Huawei as a Challenger in the Magic Quadrant for Data Center Networking, 03 July 2017, Danilo Ciscato et al. Gartner evaluates vendors using standard criteria in two categories: Ability to execute and completeness of vision. Huawei was moved from the Magic Quadrant of Niche Player to Challenger due to its continuously rapid growth in market share as well as offering innovative combinations of hardware and software solutions. At present, Huawei CloudFabric Solution has become the first choice for many enterprises around the globe to build cloud data center networks.
NEWS | JUL 07, 2017|Huawei Wins Telecom Equipment Vendor of the Year at Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific ICT Awards 2017|Huawei has been honored as the Telecom Equipment Vendor of the Year for the fourth successive year at the Frost|Sullivan Asia Pacific ICT Awards 2017. The award was presented at a ceremony in Singapore yesterday.
NEWS | JUL 07, 2017|Huawei Marine Signs Submarine Cable Contract in Solomon Islands|Huawei Marine today announced that it has signed a contract with the Solomon Island Submarine Cable Company (SISCC) to construct the first submarine cable in the Solomon Islands. Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare, Minister of Finance and Treasury Snyder Rini, Minister of Communications and Aviation Peter Shanel, CEO of SISCC Keir Preedy and President of Huaweis South Pacific Region Wei Chengmin attended the signing ceremony in Honiara.
NEWS | JUL 06, 2017|Huawei Releases Boundless Computing Strategy and Solutions|Today, Huawei released the Boundless Computing server strategy and series solutions in Beijing. The strategy focuses on industries' requirements for digital transformation, and outlines Huawei's next 5-year innovation roadmap for computing. The release underscores Huawei's commitment to creating greater, tangible value for its customers.
NEWS | JUL 04, 2017|Huawei’s David Wang Says Value-Oriented Network|Construction Will Reshape Operator Businesses|At the ninth Huawei User Group Meeting, David Wang, Huawei's President of Products|Solutions, said: "To shift from an 'investment-driven' to a 'value-driven' business model, operators need to adopt a value-oriented approach when planning and constructing networks. This can help them reshape their businesses and create more value."
NEWS | JUL 04, 2017|China Mobile Beijing and Huawei Launch Pilot Project|for an MEC-based Smart Stadium|Recently, China Mobile Beijing and Huawei announced the launch of a pilot project for a smart stadium at Beijing South Railway Station based on multi-access edge computing (MEC). The project is expected to generate revenue for China Mobile Beijing into tens of millions of US dollars. This is the first time China Mobile Beijing has developed its enterprise business using MEC technology.
NEWS | JUL 03, 2017|Huawei and Omantel to Deploy Middle East’s First G.fast|Today, Huawei announced it will jointly deploy the first G.fast network in the Middle East working with Omantel, a leading operator in Oman. The announcement was made at the ninth annual Huawei User Group Meeting. Huawei's E2E G.fast solution will support Omantel to construct ultra-broadband networks more efficiently by reusing existing copper lines.
NEWS | JUL 03, 2017|Huawei and Industry Partners Agree to Establish Virtual MEC Ecosystem Collaborative Circle|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2017, Huawei and its industry partners agreed to establish a virtual multi-access edge computing (MEC) ecosystem collaborative circle. The agreement came out of a roundtable organized by Huawei to discuss the latest developments in MEC, standards development, and challenges facing the industry.
NEWS | JUL 03, 2017|Huawei’s 9th Annual User Group Meeting Show’s|Company Focus on Listening, Collaborating and Improving|At the 9th Huawei User Group Meeting in Xi'an, Ryan Ding, Huawei's Executive Director of the Board and President of Carrier Business Group, delivered a keynote speech on "Listening, Collaborating and Improving". He expressed Huawei's determination to build customer service and measures for continuous customer-centric improvement, focusing on issues such as customer problems, operational efficiency, and helping customers increase revenues.
NEWS | JUN 30, 2017|Huawei Helps Carriers Digitize Network Energy Facilities|At the Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2017 (MWC Shanghai 2017), Huawei Network Energy launched its smart site solution. The solution will reduce carriers deployment costs through digitization, increase efficiency of site deployment and OM and improve the network energy efficiency of sites, thereby unleashing a carriers site potential and maximizing its network value.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2017|Huawei Releases 2016 Sustainability Report|Huawei today released its 2016 Sustainability Report entitled "Connecting the Future". The report introduces Huawei's achievements in sustainable development, strategy implementation, and practices in 2016. This is the ninth year Huawei has voluntarily released a sustainability report.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2017|Wireless X Labs Advisory Committee Established to Guide Wireless Application Scenario Exploration|The Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2017 (MWC Shanghai 2017) saw the establishment of the Wireless X Labs' Advisory Committee. The committee has gathered together leaders from smart manufacturing, automobile manufacturing, drone technology, data intelligence, and artificial intelligence (AI). Chris Locke, founder of Caribou Digital and the former Managing Director of GSMA Mobile for Development was selected as the presiding Secretary General. The committee intends to hold member assemblies three times per year for further discussions on strategic direction and project cooperation.
NEWS | JUN 29, 2017|Huawei NB-IoT Solution Receives GSMA's Best IoT Innovation for Mobile Networks Award|Witnessed by experts from the global telecommunications industry and the media, Huaweis NB-IoT solution received the "Best IoT Innovation for Mobile Networks" award issued by GSMA at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2017. As one of the industrys most comprehensive NB-IoT solutions, Huawei's NB-IoT solution was cited for its outstanding achievements and contributions in technological innovation, industry research, and applied practice.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2017|Huawei Explores ROADS to New Growth with Carriers and Partners|The Mobile World Congress 2017 opened today in Shanghai. As a platinum sponsor, Huawei is participating in the event under the theme of "Open ROADS to New Growth". At the event, Huawei is sharing its latest industry insights, products and solutions, success stories, and ecosystem building. We are also engaging with industry customers in discussion of important industry topics, including digital transformation and how to maximize network value. Huawei aims to achieve value-driven business success in partnership with carriers and partners.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2017|Huawei and BeWhere Canada Develop 1st Canadian Mobile-IoT Sensor|Huawei, together with BeWhere Inc., a Canadian industrial Internet-of-Things (IoT) solutions company, today announced they will partner to develop Mobile IoT Low Power Wide Area (M-IoT LPWA) (NB-IoT, LTE-M) applications to enable the deployment of smart cities technologies.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2017|Huawei Demonstrates 5G-based Remote Driving with China Mobile and SAIC Motor|Today at Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2017, China Mobile, SAIC Motor, and Huawei Technologies jointly demoed the world's first 5G-based remote driving technology with a consumer car. Their demonstration verified the high-bandwidth, low-latency potential in C-band frequency, laying a foundation for future development of connected smart vehicles. This demo marks an important milestone in improving the reliability of autonomous and driverless vehicles, and also a major step forward in commercial application.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2017|Huawei Marine Contracts to build South Atlantic Inter Link Cable System|On June 27, Huawei Marine contracted with China Unicom and Camtel to construct the South Atlantic Inter Link (SAIL), which marks the official commencement of the SAIL implementation phase. Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping, CEO of China Unicom Lu Yimin, and Camtel General Manager David Nkote attended the signing ceremony.
NEWS | JUN 28, 2017|China Mobile and Huawei Jointly Showcase the World's First Service-Oriented 5G Core Network Prototype|On June 28 at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2017, China Mobile and Huawei jointly showcased the world's first 5G core network prototype on the service-based architecture (SBA). The prototype adheres to 3GPP's 5G SBA standard.
NEWS | JUN 27, 2017|Huawei Showcases 5G Live Demo Using 39 GHz mmWave Radio Technology with NTT DOCOMO at Tokyo Bay in Japan|Recently, at the 3rd Global 5G Tokyo Bay Summit, Huawei successfully showed 39 GHz mmWave technology based on 3GPP standard 5G New Radio (NR) current agreements in cooperation with NTT DOCOMO, INC. The cell coverage reached up to 2.0 kilometers with Gbps peak throughput for a single user in the mmWave. With this system, a real-time 3-way 4K video conference was demonstrated. The result of the field test represents the 5G joint innovation between Huawei and NTT DOCOMO, who have achieved a new milestone. This breakthrough will have a significant impact in moving 5G a step closer to commercialization.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2017|Huawei and Turkcell Collaborate on TechCity 2.0 to Launch ‘Digital Journey towards 5G’|Turkcell and Huawei have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) on TechCity 2.0 cooperation to launch the digital journey towards 5G. Both companies will not only verify new technologies and launch them commercially, but will also explore potential services through the TechCity 2.0 project to develop technical, business, and social leaderships in Turkey.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2017|SFR and Huawei Jointly Complete France's First Pre-Commercial Field Verification of 4X4 MIMO|French telecom operator SFR and Huawei have jointly announced the successful completion of France's first pre-commercial field verification of 4X4 MIMO, achieving a downlink throughput of 628.31 Mbps using a commercially available phone on SFR's 4.5G network. This outstanding performance has led to SFR resolving to intensify its investment in LTE technology to build the fastest LTE network in France and provide customers with the best possible LTE experience.
NEWS | JUN 26, 2017|Claro Brazil Launches First 4.5G Network in Brasilia in Partnership with Huawei|Recently, Claro Brazil launched the commercial 4.5G (4x4 MIMO+ Massive CA+256QAM) network in Brasilia in partnership with Huawei. The 4.5G network is the first network intended for commercial use in Brazil, and is expected to be the largest in the Latin America Region.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2017|Banglalink and Huawei’s Joint Innovation Butterfly Site Brings Connections to Unconnected Rural Areas|Banglalink, one of the leading digital communications service providers of Bangladesh, and Huawei are jointly deploying Butterfly Site Solutions to connect the unconnected in rural areas. This solution helped Banglalink optimize the TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) structure of rural sites and resolve the conflicts between offering coverage services and gaining profits from the services.
NEWS | JUN 23, 2017|Huawei and TELUS Deploy Live 3GPP-oriented Network at the “5G Living Lab”|Huawei and TELUS, Canada's fastest growing telecommunications company, achieved a significant breakthrough with the successful completion of a 5G wireless connection using the global 3GPP technology standards platform. As operators and vendors race towards the global deployment of 5G, this successful pilot represents one of the most advanced connections yet made using technologies that will form the standard for global 5G.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2017|Huawei Releases HPC Cloud Solution 2.0|At ISC17, Huawei released the public-cloud-based HPC Cloud Solution 2.0. Compared with the previous version, this version has been enhanced in performance. HPC Cloud Solution 2.0 is co-developed by Huawei and Mellanox based on InfiniBand and is the first HPC public cloud solution providing 100 Gbit/s EDR computing network capabilities in the industry. In addition, this solution uses high-performance local storage to improve the overall HPC computing performance and instant data erase and storage encryption to enhance security. The HPC solution will be firstly rolled out on Open Telekom Cloud, a public cloud platform jointly provided by Huawei and Deutsche Telekom in Europe.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2017|Huawei and IDC Jointly Issue Cloud Enterprise Communications White Paper|Ahead of the upcoming Mobile World Congress Shanghai 2017, Huawei and International Data Corporation (IDC) have jointly issued their Cloud Enterprise Communications: Serving Digital Enterprises white paper. The paper conveys the evolution trends of cloud enterprise communications, market space, application value, and other key information on the industry.
NEWS | JUN 22, 2017|Huawei’s OSN 9800 Wins the NGON ‘Best Optical Product - 400G and Above Award’|Huawei announced today that its OSN 9800 has been awarded Best Optical Product - 400G and Above at the 19th Next Generation Optical Networking event (NGON), recently held in Nice, France.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2017|Huawei Inaugurates the HPC Global Center of Excellence|At International Supercomputing Conference 2017 (ISC 2017), Huawei announced the establishment of its High-Performance Computing (HPC) Global Center of Excellence (CoE). The HPC CoE located at Huawei Munich OpenLab will enable Huawei and partners to better co-innovate a platform for incubating industry solutions in the HPC, and Cloud, Artificial Intelligence (AI) domains, thereby catalyzing the industry transformation.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2017|Huawei Helps Foster a Prosperous Open-Source ecosystem at LC3 Debut in China|LinuxCon + ContainerCon + CloudOpen (LC3) took place in Beijing from June 19th to 20th, 2017. Huawei collaborated with the Linux Foundation as a strategic sponsor to introduce the first ever LC3 conference in China. Their shared goal was to promote the rapid development of the open-source industry in China. At the conference, Huawei released ServiceComb, an open-source microservice framework, and announced the establishment of the open-source iSula container OS community.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2017|Huawei Launches New Metro MS-OTN Product to Enable OTN-to-CO Simplified Optical Networks|At the Optical Networking (ON) Innovation Forum 2017, Huawei officially launched a new metro Multi-Service Optical Transport (MS-OTN) product called OSN 9800 M24. The new solution is designed to simplify optical networks enabling carriers to meet growing bandwidth demand driven by video and mobile data services, while ensuring an optimal user experience.
NEWS | JUN 19, 2017|Huawei Enables Carriers to Drive New Business by Defining Key Approaches of Transmission Network Cloudification|Huawei together with leading analyst firm IHS, held the fourth Optical Network Innovation Conference in Nice, France, with the theme "CloudOptiX|Simplifying Networks Towards the All-Cloud Era". The conference brought together over 200 executives from global operators, industry partners and analyst firms to exchange viewpoints about how to restructure transmission networks to facilitate all-cloud network evolution.
NEWS | JUN 19, 2017|Huawei Releases a TDM PON Combo Solution to Accelerate Smooth 10G PON Upgrade|Huawei announced a time division multiplexing (TDM) PON combo solution based on fiber to the home (FTTH) networks. Following the wavelength division multiplexing (WDM) PON combo solution released last year, the new solution further facilitates the smooth evolution of GPON to 10G GPON. It enables operators to align upgrade processes in EPON and GPON solutions, and reduce power attenuation caused by combiners. Moreover, this solution simplifies network upgrades, and smoothly evolve current networks to gigabit ones for high-end users and enterprises.
NEWS | JUN 19, 2017|Huawei Releases Industry's First Commercial OXC+OTN Cluster Mesh Backbone Network Solution|At Next Generation Optical Networking (NGON) 2017, Huawei officially released its mesh backbone network solution, featuring all-optical switching, full mesh, and one-hop service transmission. The new solution is designed to enable operators to deliver ultra-high bandwidth, meeting the demands of enterprises, internet content providers (ICPs) and cloud services.
NEWS | JUN 16, 2017|Working with Huawei, China Mobile Guangdong Wins Informa ‘Cloud Platform Innovation of the Year’ Award|China Mobile Guangdong branchs unified data center cloud management platform, which was developed together with Huawei, has won the Informa Cloud Platform Innovation of the Year award at the TechXLR8 summit.
NEWS | JUN 16, 2017|Huawei Wins Eight Awards at the Third OPNFV Summit|Huawei won eight awards including Super Meet-up Organizers, Builders of Working Groups, and Community Support/Leadership at the third Open Platform for Network Function Virtualization (OPNFV) community summit, which was held in Beijing from June 12 to 15. At the summit, Huawei delivered keynote speeches and had in-depth discussions with industry partners about how the OPNFV community helps carriers accelerate NFV deployment for commercial use.
NEWS | JUN 16, 2017|Huawei Partners with Tableau to Provide Comprehensive Big Data Services|Huawei and Tableau recently announced the mutual authentication between Huawei's FusionInsight big data platform and Tableau's data visualization software. The software deployed on the FusionInsight platform can visualize and quickly present customers with processing results, transforming data into interactive and insightful data charts. This enables customers to better understand data and make decisions and innovations accordingly.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2017|Huawei Study Shows Critical Role for Technology in UN SDGs|Investment in technology is a key accelerator to help nations achieve the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), according to the Huawei ICT Sustainable Development Benchmark, a report released today in Geneva, Switzerland. The study assesses correlations between ICT (Information and Communications Technology) and progress in meeting SDGs in 15 countries.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2017|Huawei and Telefónica Announce to Launch NB-IoT Open Lab to Boost the Internet of Things|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and Telefnica, worlds leading telecommunications service provider and recognized industry leader in the IoT space, announce the opening of an NB-IoT Open Lab to work on the development of products and applications related to Narrowband IoT (NB-IoT) technology.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2017|Huawei OceanConnect Wins the ‘Best IoT Platform’ Award at IoT World Europe 2017|Huaweis OceanConnect IoT platform solution won the Best IoT Platform award at IoT World Europe 2017. The award highlights how Huaweis IoT platform is leading in technologies and commercial applications with agile service, flexible operations and open ecosystems.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2017|Huawei’s SOC Solution Wins ‘Best 5G Core Development’ Award|Huaweis Service Oriented Core (SOC) solution received the Best 5G Core Development award at the 5G World Summit 2017. This is the first time the award has been presented and Huawei was honored to receive such a prestigious award recognizing the companys excellence in 5G core network architecture, technology, and innovation practices.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2017|Huawei Showcases E9000 Blade Server at OPNFV Summit 2017, Accelerating NFV Commercialization|The third Open Platform for Network Function Virtualization (OPNFV) Summit opened on the 12th through 15th of June in Beijing. Huawei launched a series of solutions engineered for the OPNFV platform and upped the excitement of the event with the release of the Huawei E9000 blade server, an industry-standard hardware platform for the network function virtualization infrastructure (NFVI).
NEWS | JUN 13, 2017|Huawei's Commitment to Europe: We Will Keep Investing in Innovation, Develop the Digital Ecosystem, and Help You Go Digital|At Huawei European Innovation Day 2017, Huawei's Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO, Ken Hu, reinforced Huawei's commitment to ongoing investment in innovation and working closely with local partners to build out Europe's digital infrastructure. As an important participant in Europe's digital transformation, Huawei has pledged to help telecom operators and verticals in Europe go digital, to cultivate a robust digital ecosystem, and to help bring European innovation to the world stage.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2017|Huawei and the University of Edinburgh Announce Opening of Joint Lab for Distributed Data Management and Processing|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology solution provider, today announced a partnership with the University of Edinburgh to open a new lab for distributed data management and processing. The three-year partnership will allow Huawei and the University of Edinburgh to jointly explore new theories and technologies in data management and provide direction for cutting-edge research into the next generation of information technology. The new lab will be housed in the University's School of Informatics.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2017|Huawei Will Help Shanghai Telecom Deploy a Gigabit Network Promoting Smart Home Services|Huawei has announced that it will help the Shanghai Branch of China Telecom ("Shanghai Telecom" for short) to deploy a gigabit network by using 10G PON optical network terminals (ONTs), laying the foundations for smart home services. Shanghai Telecom is going to build the first commercial fiber to the home (FTTH) network in China by using 10G PON technologies. This is their first step towards providing full fiber coverage at 1000 Mb/s bandwidth in Shanghai over the next 3 years. It is also an important step toward making Shanghai the first gigabit city in China.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2017|Huawei CloudCampus Solution is Awarded Interop ‘Best of Show Award 2017’ in Japan|Huawei recently announced that its CloudCampus Solution was awarded the Best of Show Award 2017 at Interop, the biggest annual ICT exhibition in Japan, for its series of innovative and differentiated highlights, such as its all-new management concepts, unique dual-stack mode, and flexible business models. This award reaffirmed Huawei's customer-centric innovative concepts and advanced technologies and marked the full approval and recognition of Huawei's products and solutions in the market.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2017|Huawei and Vodafone Turkey Sign the TechCity 2.0 MoU|Huawei and Vodafone Turkey have launched the TechCity 2.0 Project in Istanbul. This new project enables broader co-operation between both sides, with Vodafone Turkey, a company that leads digitalization in Turkey, and Huawei both being leaders in future technologies and vertical industries.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2017|Huawei to Expand Its Server Product Portfolio to Deliver Hybrid Cloud Solution for Microsoft Azure Stack|Huawei announces plans to expand its server product portfolio to deliver Hybrid Cloud solution for Microsoft Azure Stack: a hybrid cloud powered by Huawei servers and switches. The jointly-engineered solution will enable enterprises and service providers to deploy Azure services on-premises with seamless consistency with Azure, allowing enterprises to accelerate their digital transformation and adopt a hybrid cloud platform with confidence.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2017|New MoU Signed between Huawei and KUKA for Smart Factory Cooperation|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, and KUKA, a globally leading automation company, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) recently to deepen their global partnership.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2017|Huawei and China Mobile Jointly Establish Trial Field to Verify 5G High Band and Low Band Coordination Technology|China Mobile Research Institute, China Mobile Shanghai and Huawei have jointly established a 5G trial field to verify 5G High Band and Low Band Coordination Technology at Huaweis Shanghai RD Center. This field can meet the requirements of the verification to the 5G systematic prototype, and possesses the capability to verify 5G network performance and key technology with a high degree of simulation in real networks. Furthermore, this field also can be used to showcase the innovative experience of the new service enabled by future 5G technology.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2017|Huawei Leads with Completion of China's Second-Phase 5G R&D Test|Huawei leads with the completion of China's second-phase 5G radio technology test in Huairou District, Beijing. This test procedure was organized by IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group. During the C-Band test, Huawei adopted 5G New Radio, Massive MIMO, and other technologies using the entire 200 MHz bandwidth to achieve over 6 Gbps of single-user downlink throughput and over 18 Gbps of cell peak rate. The world's first Huawei 5G test terminal was utilized for radio technology verification. This terminal enabled more than 100 channels of on demand 4K UHD video in a single 5G base station. The clarity and smooth playback in vehicle-mounted mobile scenarios helped to demonstrate a superior experience offered by 5G C-Band Enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB).
NEWS | JUN 08, 2017|Huawei and Telefónica Awarded For Leading Work Defining Future 5G Networks|Telefnica and Huawei won the 5G Infrastructure Service Innovation award for innovation and testing on CloudRAN based 5G UCNC (user-centric no-cell) Network at the annual Global Telecommunication Business Innovation Awards recently held in London. Development of this work is of great importance for the digital industry transformation and for 5G future commercial deployments.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2017|Huawei Smart DC Energy Solution Propels the Digital Transformation|Huawei Digital Transformation Conference is held at Crocus City Hall, Moscow. The conference gathers over 1000 participants, 20 Huaweis partners and 30 medias to discuss the trend and share the best practices of digital transformation. At the conference, Huawei presents the innovative ICT solution and the partnership ecosystem to participants .It also share its best practices that could promote the digital transformation of Russian customers and partners.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2017|Huawei NE9000 Backbone Router and 4T Line Card Win Best of Show Award at Interop Tokyo 2017|Huawei NE9000 converged backbone router and 4T routing line card, featured with the large capacity and a multitude of functions, won the Best of Show Award in the Carrier/IP Networking Category at Interop Tokyo 2017. Huawei NE9000 converged backbone router and 4T router line card made a breakthrough to the constraints between high-capacity, high-speed forwarding and low power consumption. With its large capacity and multitude of functions, Huawei NE9000 and 4T line card can satisfy customers' growing backbone network demands for the next five to ten years while reducing power consumption to half the industry average, and in turn reducing customers' TCO..
NEWS | JUN 08, 2017|Huawei Receives Six Awards at Interop Tokyo 2017 – New Breakthroughs for Huawei's Leading New ICT|Huawei is exhibiting at Interop Tokyo 2017|Japan's largest ICT exhibition|from June 7 to June 9, with a display themed "Leading New ICT, the Road to Digital Transformation. This year, Huawei won six awards, including the Grand Prize in the Demonstration Category and Grand Prize in the Server|Storage Category.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2017|Huawei All-Flash OceanStor Dorado V3 Wins Best of Show Award at Interop|The superior performance, stability, and efficiency of OceanStor Dorado V3, Huawei's new generation of all-flash array, make it the first all-flash array in the industry to meet the requirements on high performance and high reliability of mission-critical businesses. At Interop being held in Tokyo, it won over judges to grab the Best of Show award.
NEWS | JUN 21, 2016|Huawei Marine and Rostelecom Begin the Construction of Submarine Network Connecting Kamchtka-Sakhalin|Huawei Marine and Rostelecom started the construction of submarine fiber optical telecommunication line (SFOTL) connecting Kamchatka and Sakhalin. The construction of this 900km submarine cable constitutes the second phase of the Far East cable system that connects the regions of Kamchatka-Sakhalin-Magadan, and will be commissioned in Q1 of 2017. The new submarine cable backbone infrastructure will provide high-speed broadband internet access to the population of Kamchatka krai and Magadan oblast.
NEWS | JUN 20, 2016|Huawei Promotes oneM2M Release 3 Standardization for IoT|oneM2M, an international leading Standardization Development Organization (SDO) for Internet of Things (IoT), launched Release 3 specification work at its 23rd technical plenary meeting. Initiated by Huawei, Data Distribution Service (DDS) usage for industry interaction and interworking with the Open Services Gateway Initiative (OSGi) for heterogeneous device access were approved as the first two work items of oneM2M Release 3. Huawei acted as the rapporteur of both work items.
NEWS | JUN 17, 2016|Huawei Releases 2016 Cyber Security White Paper|Huawei yesterday released its Cyber Security White Paper of 2016 The Global Cyber Security Challenge -- It is time for real progress in addressing supply chain risks designed to inform ongoing efforts, excellent practices and standards on how the global ICT industry can address supply chain security challenges. The white paper discusses how to ensure security in the global supply chain, shares the excellent practices of supply chain experts and standards bodies as well as Huawei and calls for accelerated efforts to collaborate to address this common challenge. The development of networks has helped to advance social progress. Open networks have encouraged information flow and sharing, provided more opportunities for innovations, lowered the costs of innovation, and has helped improve the world's health, wealth and prosperity. Cyberspace has gradually become the nervous system through which society operates. A steady and secure global supply chain will help promote the sustainable development of the ICT industry and the use of cyberspace to transform economies and peoples lives. Supply chain risk management is not just about ensuring that products and services will be there when needed, but it is also about a product lifecycle approach to minimize the risk that products will be tainted by malicious actors, or that they will be counterfeit or contain counterfeit components that can be exploited for illicit purposes."
NEWS | JUN 15, 2016|Huawei Opens Mathematics Research Center in France:|Leveraging Local Research to Create a Thriving Academic Ecosystem for ICT Innovation|During its fourth European Innovation Day, Huawei announced the opening of a Mathematics Research Center in France, the second of its kind with Huawei's first Mathematics Research Center located in Russia. Through the center Huawei aims to advance its role in basic scientific research, particularly in mathematical algorithms to drive ICT breakthroughs. The center is also part of Huaweis goal to work closely with French academia to create a thriving academic ecosystem focused on ICT development. It will combine France's mathematical research expertise with Huawei's capabilities in applying research to business, and help bring France's talent and technologies to the global ICT sector.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2016|5G White Paper by Forbes and Huawei： Businesses Need 5G Networks for Revolutionary Increases in Speed and Capacity|According to a new report by Forbes Insights, in association with Huawei, "The Mobile Industrial Revolution: Anticipating the Impact and Opportunities of 5G Networks on Business," global business leaders say that mobile and wireless are critical to the way they do business, but they worry that their needs are outpacing existing access networks.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2016|Huawei Holds Sixth ICT Finance Forum, Building a Bridge of Communication and Creating Value for a Better Connected World|Huawei held its 6th ICT Finance Forum in Cancun from June 15 to 17. Huawei CFO Sabrina Meng delivered a keynote speech at the forum. The event attracted distinguished guests, including Ben S. Bernanke, former Chairman of the Federal Reserve, who once remarked that the US dollar may have peaked, and Kevin Kelly, founding executive editor of Wired magazine, who predicted the technological, social, and economic prospects in 1994 in his book Out of Control.
NEWS | JUN 14, 2016|Leading Experts and Academics Explore the Beauty of Technology at European Huawei Innovation Day|The 4th European Huawei Innovation Day was held in Paris, France today. The event brings together leading academics, designers, and industry experts from around the world to the Htel Salomon de Rothschild in the capital city. Participants came together to share their thoughts and to discuss how to integrate technology with aesthetics in order to add more beauty to life. They will focus on topics including Beauty of Technology, A Brief Story of 5G, and the Beauty of Mathematics.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2016|Huawei Announces Collaboration with Red Hat to Offer|Carrier-grade SDN Solutions|Huawei announces completion of SDN Agile Controller certification with Red Hat OpenStack Platform 7 at Huaweis Beijing SDN Open Lab. This marks the first time Huaweis SDN controller has been certified for interoperability with a mainstream cloud platform. It is an important step for Huaweis SDN Integration service in building a multi-vendor certification, construct open, cooperative SDN ecosystem.
NEWS | JUN 13, 2016|Huawei celebrates first 15 years in the UK with launch of “Seeds for the Future” alumni programme|At its annual Summer Reception, held in Banqueting House, Whitehall, Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today celebrated its first 15 years in helping to build a better connected UK.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2016|Huawei and Global Elites Define a Cloud World|at the First Tokyo Cloud Congress|To address the global mega-trend of "Cloud-based Enterprise Transformation", Huawei sponsored the first Tokyo Cloud Congress at Interop Tokyo 2016, co-hosted by Interop Tokyo Committee and the Widely Integrated Distributed Environment (WIDE) Project. Promoting openness, cooperation, and win-win collaboration, the Congress brought together leading industry experts from global ICT markets to share their latest strategies and insights.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2016|5Groningen: new 5G test network launched in the Netherlands|A 5G testbed in the Dutch province of North Groningen was officially launched today, when an international agreement was signed between the ten partner organisations who initiated the project.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2016|Huawei and M-net will deploy the first G.fast access network in Germany|Today, in ANGACOM，Huawei and the M-net (a city operator in Germany) announced that Huawei will be solely responsible for the second phase rollout of the Giga access network in Germany for M-net. On this network, Huawei G.fast solution reusing existing in-house cable infrastructure will be adopted to fast achieve 500 Mbit/s to 1 Gbit/s ultra-high broadband access based on fiber to the building (FTTB).
NEWS | JUN 08, 2016|Huawei Receives 4 Best of Show “Grand Prix” Awards at Interop Tokyo 2016|At Interop Tokyo 2016, the largest ICT exhibition in Japan held from June 8 to 10, Huawei outlined its strategy and showcased innovative solutions to enable enterprise digital transformation, under the theme Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected World.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2016|Huawei UBBS Kicks Off in Moscow for Russia and CIS Leg of World Tour|Today, Huawei Ultra-broadband Summit 2016 made its stop in Moscow for the Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) leg of its world tour. With the theme of "embracing the big video era", the summit brought together 200 mid- and high-level executives from telecom operators, policy makers and regulators, consultants, and video partners. At the summit, Huawei jointly released a white paper on "Building a Better Connected Russia" with Ovum, a world-leading IT and telecommunications analyst firm. The white paper illustrates how to drive the development of Russia's digital economy through creating ultra-broadband infrastructure. Huawei also demonstrated cutting-edge ultra-broadband technologies and solutions on Gigaband access, Smart Home, best-experience bearer networks, and ICT transformation.
NEWS | JUN 08, 2016|Huawei Blade Site Solution Helps LG U+ in South Korea Agilely Deploy Sites|LG U+ successfully deployed sites using Huawei Blade Site solution which adopts the industry-leading distributed power system (DPS) and lithium battery. Compared with the traditional program, Blade Site solution has the advantages of small size, rapid construction, maintenance and operation cost savings.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2016|Huawei Launches Industry’s First 10 Gbit/s HFC Access Platform|Huawei launched the industry's first 10 Gbit/s hybrid fiber coaxial (HFC) access platform at ANGACOM 2016. The platform is the industrys first large capacity solution to support 10G DOCSIS3.1 in Cable as well as 10G PON in fiber. It can save about 70% space in headend and improve the preference up to 30% over coax. The 10 Gbit/s platform offers MSOs (multiple-system operators) the ability to keep pace with the rise of Gigaband access and the future industry evolution to IP videos.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone collaborate with NB-IoT industry partners for Smart Parking pilots in Spain and Turkey|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and Vodafone Group have successfully completed the first trial on commercial networks for pre-standard NB-IoT (Narrowband Internet of Things) Smart Parking in Spain. This marks a significant milestone in the NB-IoT collaboration between the two companies, which have recently launched the worlds first strategic NB-IoT Open Lab to promote the development of the NB-IoT ecosystem and innovative solutions for the market. Following the Smart Metering trial in Spain last November, the partners are now rolling out the second pre-commercial NB-IoT trial on Smart Parking.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2016|Huawei Mission Critical Servers Accelerate Services with Intel® Xeon® E7 v4 Processors|Huawei was invited to the global launch of the Intel Xeon E7 v4 processor family. At the launch event, Huawei unveiled its new line of mission critical servers that deliver higher computing power with the Intel Xeon E7 v4 processors. Huawei has made continuous, innovative advances with mission critical servers, providing customers reliable, high performance products.
NEWS | JUN 07, 2016|Telenor India Completes Largest Commercial Deployment of Huawei Blade Site Solution|Telenor has completed the largest commercial deployment of Huaweis Blade Site wireless base-station solution in India. Between November 2015 to April 2016, more than 10000 new sites were installed across Telenors six circles with the solution. This is the fastest ever deployment of the blade site solution in the country.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2016|Huawei Supports Asia Pacific LTE Summit 2016:|Building a Safe, Broadband and Digital Asia|The Asia Pacific LTE Summit 2016, jointly organized by Thailand's National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) and Huawei, was held in Bangkok on June 6, 2016, under the theme "Embracing the digital transformation and building a safe, broadband and digital Asia". Over 300 people attended this event that highlighted top-level expertise and sparked the interest of government organizations, industry associations, operators, equipment providers and internet companies. This unique opportunity created a platform for in-depth discussions based on LTE technology evolution, industrial development and business applications.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2016|Huawei Media Cloud Accelerates Transformations to Fully Converged Media Platforms|Huawei, together with Shenzhen Media Group (SZMG), Phoenix TV, Sobey, Dayang, and China Digital Video Cloud (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd, organized the Television Broadcasting Omni-media Technology Summit themed "Omni-Media Integration Illuminates the Way to Ultra HD". Technical experts from the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) and all the major television broadcasters gathered to discuss the best approaches and technological innovations being applied to achieve a total integration of media services. In the move to omni-media, Huawei enables groups to accelerate their transformation and cruise into the 4K era with an impressive media cloud solution geared toward UHD storage and production powered by the OceanStor 9000.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2016|Industry 4.0 – An international comparison Huawei and the Handelsblatt Research Institute present a study on the competitiveness of China, Germany, Japan and the USA|So far, none of the four major economies competing in the digitisation of production|China, Germany, Japan and the USA|have managed to gain an unbeatable edge. The manufacturing industry in Germany can reap special benefits from the substantial service expertise of the German ICT sector. Besides competition, partnerships form another vital source of innovation.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2016|Huawei Agile Distributed Wi-Fi Solution Performance Validated by Tolly Group|Huawei announced today that Tolly Group, a leading independent testing organization, has validated the performance of Huawei Agile Distributed Wi-Fi Solution. The results highlighted in Tolly Groups verification report show that, compared with indoor wall plate and settled Access Point (AP) solutions from other mainstream wireless network vendors, Huawei Agile Distributed Wi-Fi Solution delivers outstanding performance, easy management, zero roaming, and rapid self-networking. This validation further assures customers of Huaweis long term commitment to delivering high performance and easy-to-manage wireless network solutions.
NEWS | JUN 06, 2016|Vodacom and Huawei Test Africa’s First 1Gbps Network by aggregating LTE in both licensed and unlicensed bands|Huawei and Vodacom South Africa, successfully test Africas first 1Gbps network by aggregating LTE in both licensed and unlicensed bands with Huawei LampSite solution. The peak speed hit over 1Gbps. This is the first 1Gbps network and also the first 3 component carrier test in Africa. 1Gbps represent the important milestone of 4.5G network.
NEWS | JUN 03, 2016|Huawei and Telefonica Educación Digital Sign Strategic Partnership for Talent Development|Mr. Xu Chengxin, President of Huawei Learning Services, and Ms. Carolina Jeux, CEO of Telefonica Educacin Digital, have signed a strategic cooperation agreement on talent development at Global Carrier Talent Development Forum 2016. The agreement between Telefonica and Huawei extends previous cooperation focused on Network and Services business to now include Learning and Talent development areas.
NEWS | JUN 02, 2016|Huawei Debuts Cloud Communication to Propel ICT Transformation|At CommunicAsia 2016 in Singapore, Huawei debuted Cloud Communication, an E2E communication solution for Personal, Home, Enterprise, and Vertical. Cloud Communication helps operators implement network evolution, service innovation, and business model transformation by means of all cloud, full openness, and redefined service experience.
NEWS | JUN 02, 2016|Huawei NFV Integration Service Solution Wins 2016 Informa Interoperability Champion Award|Huawei won the Interoperability Champion award for their NFV Integration Service Solution at the Network Virtualization Industry Awards 2016 organized by Informa.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2016|Huawei Hosts Global Carrier Talent Development Forum 2016|Huawei successfully hosted the Global Carrier Talent Development Forum 2016 from May 30 to June 1, 2016. The forum, entitled ROADS to ICT Talent Development, brought together executives from more than 20 global carriers, senior consultants from world-leading consultancies and Huawei executives.
NEWS | JUN 01, 2016|Huawei Hosts the 4th eLTE Industry Alliance Summit at Critical Communications World 2016|On May 30 alongside Critical Communications World 2016 (CCW 2016), Huawei hosted the 4th eLTE Industry Alliance Summit under the theme "Leading New ICT, eLTE for Better Connected Industries". Over 200 guests including 3GPP standard organizations, analyst firms, industry customers, and alliance members attended the event which focused on advancing 3GPP-based broadband trunking. The Summit gave attendees valuable insights into the latest developments, collaborative achievements and best practices of eLTE solutions and applications since the eLTE Industry Alliance was formed two years ago.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone Join Forces to Turn Madrid into One of the Most technologically Advanced Cities around the world|Huawei and Vodafone Spain have introduced today Madrid Tech City, a joint project to position Madrid as one of the most advanced cities around the world, from the technological point of view.
NEWS | MAY 31, 2016|Huawei and IHS Announce Whitepaper to Advance LTE in Public Safety|Huawei today announced that it partnered with IHS, a leading global analysis firm in the critical communications industry, to develop a whitepaper entitled “LTE in Public Safety”. Released at the 4th eLTE Industry Alliance Summit held on May 30 in Amsterdam, Netherlands, the whitepaper outlines customer challenges in the public safety sector and private LTE network development trends, as well as recommendations for the deployment of LTE-based public safety networks.
NEWS | MAY 30, 2016|Huawei UBBS Kicks Off in Singapore for Southern Pacific Leg of World Tour|Huawei today co-hosted the Ultra-Broadband Summit 2016 in Singapore with the Broadband Commission, a well-known regional telecom consultancies setup by the ITU and UNESCO. The summit brought together 300 industry influencers and telecom leaders to discuss how the private and public sectors can work together to accelerate the development of ultra-broadband infrastructure and services across the Asia Pacific region. Held at the Shangri-La Hotel, Ministry of Technology and Communications representatives, operators and industry experts gathered at the event to explore win-win collaboration on broadband infrastructure and services development within the region.
NEWS | MAY 30, 2016|Proximus and Huawei Innovation Partnership Leads to Successful Trial of 1.1Gbps Connection|Huawei and Proximus, Belgium's mobile telecommunications company, today announced that they have successfully completed a live demonstration of a 1.1Gbps peak connection speed on a Live Mobile Network. It is a first for Belgium thanks to the Huawei 4.5G platform and results from the innovation partnership that was announced in 2015 between Proximus and Huawei.
NEWS | MAY 27, 2016|Huawei and Globe Telecom Win Global Telecoms Business Innovation Award for WTTx Deployment|Huawei and leading Philippine telco Globe Telecom have won the Wireless Infrastructure Innovation award from the Global Telecoms Business Innovation Awards held in London.
NEWS | MAY 27, 2016|First OPNFV Plugfest was successfully held|Today Huawei announced that on May 9-13, 2016, the first OPNFV Plugfest, hosted by CableLabs and Huawei, was held at the CableLabs' facility in Colorado, USA.
NEWS | MAY 27, 2016|Huawei Completes 5G Key Technology Tests in the Field Trial Sponsored by IMT-2020 5G Promotion Group|Huawei completed the first phase of key 5G technology tests as a part of a series field trials defined by the IMT-2020 5G Promotion Group. In April 2016, the outdoor macro-cell tests, conducted in Chendu, China, consist of a number of the foundational key enabling technologies and an integrated 5G air-interface. The test results successfully demonstrated that the new 5G air interface technology can effectively improve spectrum efficiency and to meet diverse service requirements for 5G defined by ITU-R.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Huawei Senior Vice President Chen Lifang:|Building a platform for incubating SMEs and helping Thailand become a regional ICT and digital economy hub|Thailand held its Digital Economy Day in Bangkok on May 26, and Thai Prime Minister Prayut Chan-ocha delivered a speech at the opening ceremony. Chen Lifang, board member and senior vice president of Huawei, delivered a keynote speech. She promised that, in response to the Thai government's call to develop the digital economy, Huawei will begin to build an Open Lab in Thailand in the second half of the year. This program aims to provide local SMEs with a testing and verification, and resource sharing platform. She said that through this program, Huawei hoped to better incubate SMEs and help Thailand grow into a regional ICT and digital economy hub.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Telenor Myanmar and Huawei Win Global Telecoms Business Mobile Infrastructure Innovation Award|Telenor Myanmar Limited (refer to as TML) and Huawei have been announced as a 2016 Global Telecoms Business Innovation award winner in the "Mobile Infrastructure Innovation" category for the "9-Sector Solution Unleashing Traffic in Myanmar" project.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Türk Telekom and Huawei Win Mobile Infrastructure Innovation Award at Global Telecom Business Summit|Trk Telekom and Huawei won the Mobile Infrastructure Innovation award at the Global Telecom Business summit today.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Huawei Servers Moved up to Gartner’s Challengers Quadrant|Huawei today announced that its servers have been moved up from the Niche Players Quadrant to the Challengers Quadrant by Gartner, the world's leading IT technology research and advisory company, according to newest release of Gartner's Magic Quadrant. Huawei believes these results confidently show that Huawei servers are receiving extensive industry recognition and that their reputation is spreading quickly.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Etisalat & Huawei collaborate to deliver First MEA 10Gbps broadband service|Etisalat UAE, a leading telecom service provider together with Huawei, a leading global ICT provider, have announced the successful collaboration of a new 10G PON solution to provide 10Gbps broadband service.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Etisalat & Huawei collaborate to deliver First MEA 10Gbps broadband service|Etisalat UAE, a leading telecom service provider together with Huawei, a leading global ICT provider, have announced the successful collaboration of a new 10G PON solution to provide 10Gbps broadband service.
NEWS | MAY 26, 2016|Ooredoo and Huawei Win 2016 Global Telecom Business (GTB) Innovation Award for NFV UNIFY Project|Ooredoo and Huawei have jointly won the Infrastructure Innovation Award at the Global Telecoms Business (GTB) Innovation Awards 2016 ceremony held in London. The award is in recognition of their close collaboration on Project UNIFY-Transforming Infrastructure with NFV (Network Functions Virtualization).
NEWS | MAY 25, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone Demonstrate Live Omnichannel Experience at TM Forum in Nice|Huawei, a leading global Information and Communications Technology (ICT) solutions provider and Vodafone, a leading global Communications Service Provider (CSP), presented the successful results of their collaboration at TM Forum Live in Nice, France, where a live demonstration of Omnichannel Experience Management for operators was shown.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2016|Huawei's Shield Lab Shares Outlook on 5G Security Research at 2016 Future Forum|At the recent 5G Security Technology Workshop hosted by the Future Forum, Huawei shared its outlook on 5G security research and its achievements in areas such as service-driven end-to-end security protection, the multi-party trust model, and the identity management model. By sharing its research results on 5G security, Huawei demonstrated its commitment to creating a more secure 5G network environment for users.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2016|Huawei Announces eRadio Enterprise Microwave Solution|At Dubai's Safe City Summit 2016, Huawei announced their eRadio Enterprise Microwave Solution. This is the first end-to-end solution that Huawei has targeted at vertical integration with many industries. It can fulfill many different deployment scenarios and flexibly adapt to various capacity and service requirements. It is intended to create a globally leading radio transmission platform in the enterprise ICT domain.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2016|Secretary of State John Whittingdale visits Huawei HQ in Shenzhen, China|The Rt Hon John Whittingdale MP, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, is today visiting the global headquarters of Huawei, the leading ICT company, in Shenzhen, China.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2016|Huawei Awarded 'Best Mobile Network for Airports' at 6th Airport Construction Summit|Huawei, a global information and communication technologies (ICT) provider, today announced that it has won the 'Best Mobile Network for Airports award with a leading indoor digital MBB solution at the Airport Construction Summit 2016, which was held in Shanghai, China. This prestigious award is presented to global ICT providers for their outstanding achievements and contributions to building smart airports and improving network experience for air travel passengers and operational efficiency for global airports.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone win ‘Small Cell Backhaul Design and Technology’ Award at Small Cell World Summit 2016|Huawei and Vodafone have jointly developed a 60 GHz solution for Small Cell outdoor deployment and won the Small Cell Backhaul Design and Technology Award at Small Cell World Summit 2016, hosted by Small Cell Forum in London.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2016|Huawei’s AAU Solution Helps Turkey Build Excellent 4.5G Networks|Huawei recently announced its release of the industry-leading Active Antenna Unit (AAU) Solution to help Turkey build optimal 4.5G networks and provide an excellent MBB experience. As a result AAU has been commercially deployed in Turkey and is ushering in a new era of 4.5G.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2016|Huawei UBBS Kicks Off in Dubai for MENA Leg of World Tour|Today, Huawei UBBS (ultra-broadband summit) world tour made its stop in Dubai, MENA region. With the theme of best video experience-driven ultra-broadband, the summit has attracted the active participation of mid- and high-level executives from operators, consultants, and video partners. As a leading ICT solutions provider, Huawei demonstrated the future-oriented ultra-high definition 4K video, virtual reality, and other immersive experiences.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2016|Huawei Participates in OSCON Austin, Building Commercial Application Based on Open Source|The 18th Open Source Convention (OSCON) is held in Austin, Texas, on May 16-19, 2016. It attracts worldwide open source developers, businesspeople from vendors, and investors of all levels to share their insights and visions on open source trend, real-world practices, and open source implementation in workflows or projects. At OSCON, Huawei showcases its open source technologies, including a variety of cloud-related fields including OpenStack, container, and big data, as well as Android development. Moreover, Huawei shares its progress and experience in opening telecom pipeline capabilities, aiming to help customers build commercial application based on open source.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2016|Huawei Home Presence Awarded Best Innovative Future Comms Service at IMS World Forum|At the 2016 IMS World Forum, the Huawei Home Presence solution was awarded "Best Innovative Future Comms Service over IMS".
NEWS | MAY 18, 2016|Ghanaian president Eyes Broader and Deeper Cooperation with Huawei|On May 10, President of Ghana John Dramani Mahama met with Huawei Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO Guo Ping in Accra. During the visit, the president expressed his desire to cooperate in more areas and forge a deeper partnership with Huawei.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2016|Big Data, IoT and Cloud Underpin Safe City Adoption to Deliver Consolidated IT Platform, Huawei Safe City Summit Reveals|Huawei - a leading global ICT solutions provider, kicked off its global Safe City Summit 2016 today, being held in Dubai 17-18 May, where it revealed how new ICT innovation including Big Data, The Internet of Things (IoT) and cloud computing are driving successful safe city deployments around the world.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2016|Huawei Announces Availability of SAP HANA® Running on Huawei FusionSphere|Huawei participates in 2016 SAPPHIRE NOW + ASUG Annual Conference held in Orlando on May 17-19 with its competitive IT products and solutions to accelerate enterprise IT transformations and release business potential. At the conference, Huawei announced the general availability of the SAP HANA platform running on Huaweis cloud virtualization platform FusionSphere 5.1. With this offering, Huawei plans to enhance customer value and the end-user experience, while helping customers improve their business through continuous technology innovation and advanced business processes.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2016|Huawei Calls for Building a Better Connected World to Promote Digital Entrepreneurship in Africa|At the 26th World Economic Forum on Africa, Huawei shared its vision and insights on the development of the digital economy of Africa.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2016|London and Bristol crowned UK’s leading smart cities|London and Bristol are Britains leading smart cities, according to new research commissioned by Huawei UK and conducted by Navigant Consulting.
NEWS | MAY 17, 2016|Huawei Inaugurates its ICT Capabilities Centers in Amman, Jordan|Huawei, the global leading ICT solution provider, inaugurated its ICT Capabilities Centers in Amman, Jordan recently, which includes a Regional Network Optimization Center and a Local ICT Training Center. Her Excellency the Minister of Information and Communications Technology of Jordan, Ms. Majd Shweikeh, His Excellency the Minister of Labor of Jordan, Mr. Nidal Katamine, His Excellency the Ambassador of China in Jordan, Mr. Pan Weifang, His Excellency the Economic and Commercial Counsellor of China in Jordan, Mr. Zhuang Ruijin, and the Head of Media Office of Jordanian Royal Court, Mr. Al Zyoud Alaa attended the ceremony.
NEWS | MAY 16, 2016|Huawei and UKTI sign MoU at supplier convention|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced it has signed a three year Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) enhancing cooperation with UK Trade|Investment (UKTI), the Government department responsible for working with overseas investors into the UK.
NEWS | MAY 13, 2016|ITU and Huawei Jointly Held the ICT Energy Efficiency Forum, Making Network Greener|The International Telecom Union (ITU) and Huawei jointly organized the ICT Energy Efficiency Forum in Madrid, Spain on 11-12 May with the theme "Building a Better Connected World, Making Network Greener."
NEWS | MAY 13, 2016|Huawei Received 2016 INTERNET TELEPHONY SDN Excellence Award|Huawei announced today that TMC, a global integrated media company, has selected Huawei Agile Controller as a winner of its 2016 INTERNET TELEPHONY SDN Excellence Award.
NEWS | MAY 12, 2016|Huawei Helps Turkey with 4.5G for Becoming the ICT Lead of Region|Huawei organized the 4.5G Industry Summit held in Istanbul on May 10, 2016, supported by the Ministry of Maritime, Transport and Communications, Information and Communication Technologies Authority (ICTA) of Turkey and Global mobile Suppliers Association (GSA).
NEWS | MAY 12, 2016|Vodafone, TM Forum and Huawei Join Efforts to Publish Open API MAP|For the Global TM Forum, Vodafone Group Plc confirmed that they would, jointly with TM Forum and Huawei, publish the Open API Map. The Open API Map is based on Vodafone and Huaweis vast project experiences and practices. It is extracted from and refines nearly 20 new APIs as well as combining with existing TM Forums Rest API best practices, providing a unified and standardized overview of APIs for construction of a digital ecosystem.
NEWS | MAY 12, 2016|Huawei GigaRadio Shines at Turkey 4.5G Industry Summit|Recently Huawei exhibited its latest wireless base station, GigaRadio, in Turkey 4.5G Industry Summit. GigaRadio empowers 4.5G network and provides 10 times more speed than its predecessor 4G technology, which strongly supported 4.5G network deployment in Turkey.
NEWS | MAY 11, 2016|Huawei Makes Major Contribution to Defining Digital BSS Metrics for Customer Experience Benchmarks in TM Forum’s Collaboration Program|Huawei makes major contribution to defining Digital BSS Metrics for Customer Experience Metrics in TM Forums Collaboration Program.
NEWS | MAY 11, 2016|Huawei Enables Carriers to Realize a Digital Future through Operation Transformation and an Open Ecosystem|At TM Forum Live! 2016, Huawei hosted the "Building Up Digital Operations and Ecosystem" Breakfast Briefing with TM Forum. The briefing brought together over 40 leading industry experts, analysts, and representatives from consulting firms, telecommunication companies and vendors in an open interactive round-table discussion to share valuable insights and best practices on digital operation transformation, the development of an open ecosystem, as well as how to ensure telecom carrier competitiveness in the digital age.
NEWS | MAY 11, 2016|Huawei 2-Socket FusionServer Breaks New SPEC Records Again|Once again, Huawei has outshone the competition in the recent testing of its FusionServer 2288H V3. The leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider announced the setting of 3 world records during SPEC CPU2006 and SPECpower_ssj2008, the industry's most authoritative central processing unit (CPU) and power consumption benchmark tests respectively.
NEWS | MAY 10, 2016|Huawei shows one of the best performances in virtualized EPC ever tested in Telefónica NFV Reference Lab|Huawei and Telefnica have jointly tested Huawei CloudEPC performance, in Telefonicas NFV (Network Function Virtualization) Reference Lab in Madrid, Spain. To test this solution, it was used OpenMANO stack, which enables the easy creation and deployment of complex network scenarios.
NEWS | MAY 06, 2016|Huawei HPC Solution Selected by Ecological Modeling Lab for Cutting-edge Research|The Ecological Modeling Lab, led by Dr. George Arhonditsis in Toronto, has purchased a Huawei high-performance computing (HPC) solution for its cutting-edge research.
NEWS | MAY 03, 2016|Huawei PRS Platform Helps Shantou Mobile with the World's First Practice in Experience-based LTE Network Deployment|Huawei recently announced that it helped the Shantou branch of China Mobile (Shantou Mobile) build a Performance Surveillance (PRS) network deployment platform that provides real-time data about user experience. Huawei also helped Shantou Mobile develop the world's first user experience-based LTE network deployment system based on the data.
NEWS | APR 29, 2016|Huawei Launches First Authorized Network Academy in Region with TUT|Huawei and the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) have jointly launched a Huawei Authorised Information and Network Academy (HAINA) at the universitys Soshanguve Campus today. The HAINA initiative is a global ICT technology education program and this is its first installation in the Eastern and Southern Africa region.
NEWS | APR 29, 2016|LG Uplus and Huawei Collaborate to Commercially launch the World’s First Uplink 2 CC CA Technology|South Korean mobile carrier LG Uplus announced that they were the first cellular carrier in the world to deploy uplink 2 carrier aggregation technology (UL 2CC CA) on a commercial network. UL 2CC CA is a key aspect of Huawei's cutting edge technology in its first commercial LTE-Advanced Pro version eRAN11.1 and will give users vastly improved uplink data rate of up to 108 Mbps, which will enable users to upload files much faster on their mobile devices.
NEWS | APR 29, 2016|Huawei Helps Telefonica Spain to Accelerate its Network Transformation and Construct Intelligent Metro Network|Huawei and Telefonica today announced the joint deployment of 100G intelligent metro network in Spain, helping Telefonica to modernize metro networks for richer and higher-quality broadband services and better user experience in the next 10 years.
NEWS | APR 28, 2016|Huawei Champions Cloud-Acceleration Strategies and Open Source Ecosystem at OpenStack Summit Austin 2016|The OpenStack Summit is underway in Austin, Texas from April 25-29. Huawei, a gold member of the well-known foundation, along with other builders of the cloud ecosystem and technical experts from around the globe are exploring ways to add momentum to the OpenStack drive. Sharing successful practices and experience on building the cloud ecosystem are also on the agenda. As an "integrated engine" of brand-new cloud technologies, OpenStack is the most influential open source cloud computing community on earth and has now been the industry-recognized defacto standard of IaaS. The vendor-independent standards, innovation capabilities, and proven viable architecture of OpenStack enable enterprises to quickly achieve their cloud-based digital transformations. Huawei's comprehensive cloud strategy, based on OpenStack and other open source technologies, has helped enterprise to obtain commercial success with cloud-ready products and solutions.
NEWS | APR 28, 2016|Huawei Advocates Friendly Industry Policies for a Better Connected Asia|Huawei successfully held the Industrial Policy Roundtable today at the Hong Kong stop of the UBBS World Tour. In attendance were 20 attendees from communications bureaus and regulators from Thailand, Cambodia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, China, and other countries as well as ANACOM (Portuguese National Communications Authority) and industry analytics company Current Analysis to discuss how to develop effective industry promotions and regulatory policies to spur national broadband development in Southeast Asia.
NEWS | APR 28, 2016|Huawei UBBS Kicks Off in Hong Kong for Southeast Asia Leg of World Tour|Today saw the grand opening of Huawei UBBS (ultra-broadband summit) in Hong Kong for the Southeast Asia leg of its world tour. Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions supplier, showcased a future-ready ultra-broadband world, including ubiquitous ultra broadband, superior video experience, and smart home services.
NEWS | APR 28, 2016|Huawei Powers USTC at incoming ISC 2016 Student Cluster Competition|The University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) has chosen Huaweis high-performance computing (HPC) solutions in this years ISC Student Cluster Competition (ISC-SCC). The USTC team will join 11 others from all over the world from June 21-23 in Frankfurt, Germany.
NEWS | APR 27, 2016|Huawei uCDN Solution Presented with the Best Cloud or CDN Service Delivery Award at TV Connect 2016|Huawei uCDN solution was presented with the Best Cloud or CDN Service Delivery award in TV Connect 2016 industry awards reveal today. This award recognizes innovations specifically in media delivery.
NEWS | APR 27, 2016|Huawei and Ooredoo Jointly Presented with the Best 4K TV Service or Solution Award at TV Connect 2016|Huawei and Ooredoo were jointly presented with the Best 4K TV Service or Solution award at TV Connect 2016 industry awards reveal today. The two companies were recognized for their excellent 4K TV Service or Solution, which may apply to multiple devices, and could bring the consumers E2E best experience.
NEWS | APR 27, 2016|Booking.com Partners with Huawei to Become First Pre-Installed Travel and Accommodation Category App on Huawei Phones Globally|Booking.com, the worlds leading online accommodation booking site, has partnered with Huawei, the worlds third largest smartphone producer, to become the first accommodation platform that will come pre-installed on Huawei devices globally. With Booking.coms more than 880,000 accommodation options in over 87,000 global destinations, Huawei users will be able to conveniently access and book accommodation around the globe the moment they switch on their Huawei device.
NEWS | APR 27, 2016|Huawei Announces U-vMOS Supports for Video Communication, Create a Milestone of Video Experience Evaluation Standard from One-way Video to Two-way Video|At the 2016 London TV Connect Exhibition held in 26th April, Huawei formally announced Video Experience Measurement System U-vMOS (User, Unified, Ubiquitous-Mean Opinion Score for Video) support for video communications usage scenarios.
NEWS | APR 26, 2016|Huawei announces new Video-as-a-Service solution|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, today officially released its Video-as-a-Service solution to the industry at TV Connect 2016 in London. This solution is designed to build an E2E SaaS-based video service that helps carriers to quickly launch video services, reduce investment risk and shorten time-to-market (TTM). By taking advantage of Huawei's global content and application aggregation platform, operators are able to provide end-users with a diversified video service and better user experience, thereby increasing revenue.
NEWS | APR 26, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone Announce Opening of the World’s First Narrowband IoT Open Lab|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and Vodafone Group announce the opening of an Open IoT Lab to work on the development of products and applications relating to Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) technology.
NEWS | APR 26, 2016|Huawei IT Included in 2016 Gartner CIO Agenda Survey Digital Accelerator List|Huawei IT was named among digital accelerators by CIOs surveyed in Gartners Building the Digital Platform: The 2016 CIO Agenda report. The Gartner report showed the results for 30 vendors most frequently mentioned by CIOs, ordered in terms of their average digital accelerator score.
NEWS | APR 26, 2016|Huawei enables NB-IoT application in vertical industries through innovation and collaboration|At M2M World Congress in London, Huawei shared its Narrow-Band Internet of Things (NB-IoT) strategy and innovations to advance IoT applications and smart cities that deliver social and economical benefits. Huawei also demonstrated how it is building an ecosystem that works together to realize the full potential of NB-IoT, including its collaboration with Vodafone to launch the Vodafone NB-IoT Open Lab in Newbury, U.K.
NEWS | APR 26, 2016|Leading Video Transformation – Video Industry Advisory Board Opens for a Big Video Ecosystem|At the TV Connect conference held in London today, Huawei and partners of video ecosystem jointly create the Video Industry Advisory Board, aiming to build a big video ecosystem with industry partners.
NEWS | APR 25, 2016|Huawei FusionServer E9000 Breaks Three Performance Test World Records with Upgraded 2-Socket Blade|Huawei shone during SPEC CPU2006, the industry's most authoritative CPU benchmark test. Huawei announced that the recent testing of its blade server FusionServer E9000 has set three world records.
NEWS | APR 22, 2016|VIVA Bahrain and Huawei Deploy the Region's First 9-Sector Solution|VIVA Bahrain made a regional breakthrough by successfully implementing, for the first time, Huaweis 9-sector solution using the triple-beam antenna technology. This innovative solution, delivers approximately 2.7 times the performance of a regular mobile tower and capacity to absorb traffic demand, offering higher quality telecommunications services whilst enhancing VIVAs customers connectivity at events or locations were data demand is extremely high.
NEWS | APR 20, 2016|Huawei won the “Best Network Virtualization Product” Award|at 2016 LTE Latin America Conference|Huawei CloudCore solution was awarded the Best Network Virtualization Product at 2016 LTE Latin America Conference held in Brazil.
NEWS | APR 20, 2016|Huawei Outlines Three Core Stages to|Accelerate Network Evolution towards “All Cloud” Architecture|At the NFV World Congress 2016 in San Jose, U.S., Huawei officially unveiled three stages of network evolution towards an All Cloud architecture enabled by the NFV technology for the first time to help telecommunication operators transform their networks so they can support growth, deliver high service levels and reduce costs. Huawei provided operators with a clear roadmap for network transformation and outlined its strategy to drive industry development around three core stages: Virtualization, Cloudification, and Cloud Native.
NEWS | APR 18, 2016|Huawei Marine Achieves Breakthrough in Unrepeatered System With a Transmission Distance of up to 620 Km|Huawei Marine Networks Co., Ltd. (Huawei Marine) today announced a breakthrough with a 100G ultra-long unrepeatered system that has achieved a record transmission distance of up to 627km in a laboratory test in Beijing.
NEWS | APR 18, 2016|Huawei's Experience-Driven 4K IP Bearer Network Solution Assists Carriers in Leading the 4K Era|Recently, Huawei released its experience-driven 4K IP bearer network solution. The solution is based on U-vMOS, a video experience evaluation system well-recognized in the industry. U-vMOS helps carriers build IP bearer networks with a superior 4K experience, which ultimately helps carriers become leaders in the 4K era. To cope with this solution, Huawei announced the release of the NE40E-M2H, a 2U, 300 mm deep CO router with the industry-record capacity for a CO router.
NEWS | APR 15, 2016|Huawei and Baidu Deploy China's First T-SDN IDC Optical Transport Network|Huawei and Baidu have jointly built China's first Internet data center (IDC) optical transport network that supports T-SDN. Huawei's T-SDN bandwidth on demand (BoD) feature provides dynamic and flexible transmission pipes for Baidu to handle burst traffic between IDCs. The success of this project leads the way for industry peers building new-generation IDC optical transport networks that support SDN.
NEWS | APR 15, 2016|Huawei Scoops Best Solution Vendor Award at MVNOs World Congress|Huawei has been granted one of the prestigious MVNO industry awards for the outstanding performance of the Huawei BaaS (BSS-as-a-Service) solution. The company received the accolade at the MVNOs World Congress 2016 held in Amsterdam from 11 to 14 April 2016.
NEWS | APR 15, 2016|Huawei Signs MOU under OSSii with NETSCOUT|Huawei announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with NETSCOUT. The MOU allows NETSCOUTs TrueCall geoanalytics platform to access Huawei OSS interfaces under Operations Support Systems interoperability initiative (OSSii). Huawei has previously signed MOUs with several independent service vendors within OSS field.
NEWS | APR 14, 2016|Huawei leading-edge data center solution and modular UPS become cynosure of DCW|From April 12 to 13, 2016, Data Center World (DCW), the largest data center exhibition, was held in London. Huawei showcased its intelligent micro-module data center solution and high-efficiency modular UPS, becoming the cynosure of the DCW. The leading 97.5% high efficiency modular UPS has attracted much attention at this event.
NEWS | APR 14, 2016|Huawei HAS Video Session Advances Industry Digitization|Huawei held its 13th Global Analyst Summit（HAS）from April 11 to 13 in Shenzhen and demonstrated how video services drive operators' transformation. Today, the Big Video|Everywhere Session was held in Chengdu, bringing together researchers from authoritative research institutes in and outside China, leading global operators, partners from many industries, top analysts, and other industry leaders. Attendees shared their ideas on hot topics surrounding video, including best practices and successful experience, video experience standards, and the U-vMOS Video Experience Industry Alliance.
NEWS | APR 14, 2016|Huawei and MTC inaugurated the first 4.5G trial in Africa|Huawei and MTC, the largest operator in Namibia, today announced the commercial use of LTE-Advanced(LTE-A) network in Namibia, and inaugurated the first 4.5G trial in Africa. At the inauguration attended by His Excellency Dr. Hage Geingob, President of the Republic of Namibia, Mr. Tjekero Tweya, Minister of Information, Communication and Technology, Mr. Liu Huabo, the Commercial Counselor of the Chinese Embassy in Namibia, and around 100 others guests, a speed test showed the peak download speed of LTE-A network reached 300Mbps, and 4.5G network reached 1Gbps.
NEWS | APR 13, 2016|Huawei Highlights Importance of WTTx to National Broadband Strategy|Speaking at the Broadband|TV Connect Asia Conference 2016, Huaweis LTE Industry Development Director Goran Berntson stated that WTTx (Wireless-to-the-x) is an ideal solution to enable instant broadband connectivity.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei Announces Indoor Connected Solution|Huawei today announced Indoor Connected Solution (ICS), to assist operators in improving both indoor user experience and ROI. Additionally, this solution accelerates indoor digital transformation and helps operators explore new opportunities for increasing revenue by providing value-added services.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei's Carrier Services Revenue Hits $12B|Huawei today announced its financial results for 2015, reporting that its Carrier Services achieved strong year-on-year growth, generating US$12.06 billion in annual revenue worldwide, with a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) increase of 19% in the past five years, taking 33% of the total carrier BG business.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|CloudRAN: Reconstructing the Radio Network with Cloud|During Huaweis Global Analyst Summit 2016, Huawei shared its latest strategy for the radio access network; CloudRAN. Huawei CloudRAN embraces the benefits of Cloud to enable operators to transform their network to be better equipped in the digital age.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei and StarHub achieve world’s fastest 4G speeds indoors|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and Singapore telco StarHub broke new heights in 4G indoor speeds. In conjunction with the SCWS Asia 2016 conference, both companies today showcased live the worlds fastest 1Gbps indoor coverage solution at the Pan Pacific Singapore.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Sanqi Li from Huawei: Challenges of SDN/NFV towards Distributed Cloud Network|China SDN/NFV Conference 2016 is held in Beijing on April 12, 2016. Huawei's CTO of Products and Solutions Dr.Li Sanqi pointed out in his speech that the next challenge of SDN/NFV technology is deployable and operational distributed cloud network.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei Enterprise Business Group Achieves Strong Growth in 2015 Fuelled by Demand for Leading New ICT|Huawei Enterprise Business Group (EBG) today shared its 2015 financial results and 2016 vision and strategy under the theme of Leading New ICT, Building A Better Connected World at the Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS) 2016.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei White Paper Shows Roadmap to 4K Bearer Network|Huawei today published a white paper called The Experience-driven 4K Bearer Network at its 2016 Global Analysts Summit in Shenzhen. The white paper focuses on two issues that have drawn considerable attention from telecommunications operators: how to ensure a good user experience for 4K video and how to bear the service. The paper presents an end-to-end target network architecture and evolution solutions for various deployment scenarios. As the industry's first technical document to systematically set forth 4K bearer network solutions, the white paper should be of interest to telecom operators considering deployment of online 4K services as well as establishment of a positive business cycle in the 4K industry.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei's Heavy Investment in Five IoT Solutions Leads to Impressive Breakthroughs|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit (HAS) 2016, Huawei announced the Internet of Things (IoT) as one of its strategic priorities. Drawing on its long-term investment and expertise in ICT, Huawei has made impressive breakthroughs with its five IoT solutions. The company is also committed to building a robust IoT ecosystem and jointly driving industry innovation with its partners.
NEWS | APR 12, 2016|Huawei: Accelerating Enterprise Digitalization with Open Cloud Architecture|The 13th Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2016 (HAS 2016) takes place in Shenzhen, China from April 11 through 13. The summit attracts over 500 industry analysts, financial analysts, industry media, and opinion leaders. Huawei IT Product Line discusses the development trend of open cloud architecture with global analysts and media, concentrating on the open cloud strategy. Based on the unified FusionCloud cloud architecture platform, Huawei provides open, hybrid, and integrated end-to-end cloud solutions to meet enterprise requirements on digitalization at each development phase.
NEWS | APR 11, 2016|Huawei Agile Distributed Wi-Fi Solution Selected as Finalist for 2016 Best of Interop Award|Huawei today announced its selection as a finalist for Interop Las Vegas 2016 Best of Interop Awards. The Best of Interop Awards recognize exhibitors for innovation and technological advancements within 10 core areas of IT. Huawei Agile Distributed Wi-Fi Solution is recognized in the Mobility/Wireless category as one of the three finalists, which acknowledges innovative WLAN hardware, software, and applications that advance mobility in the workplace. Award winners will be announced from Interop Las Vegas 2016, which takes place May 2- May 6 at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.
NEWS | APR 11, 2016|Recent increases in national digital transformation show correlation with productivity, competitiveness, and innovation improvements: 2016 Global Connectivity Index|Global improvements have been seen in overall levels of national and economic digitization, according to Huaweis 2016 Global Connectivity Index (GCI) released today. In its third year, the report measures the progress of 50 nations in investing in and deploying Information and Communications Technology (ICT) to achieve economic digitization. The greatest improvements across the globe have been seen in broadband coverage and speed, but nations are also making headway with cloud, big data, and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies.
NEWS | APR 11, 2016|Huawei Promotes the “All Cloud” Strategy to Enable Digital Transformation across Industries|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2016, Huawei's Rotating CEO Eric Xu introduced the company's All Cloud strategy to attendees. Designed based on insights into industry trends, the strategy highlights Huawei's perseverance in enabling customer success, showcases its understanding on improving the end user experience, and reflects its commitment to carrying out continuous innovation and promoting industry development. Huawei is committed to becoming an advocate, promoter, and leader of the full cloudification of products and solutions, as well as helping customers achieve business success over the next two to three years.
NEWS | APR 11, 2016|Huawei Strives to Accelerate Digital Transformation and Jointly Build a Better Connected World|Today, Huawei convened its 13th Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China. The event brought together over 500 analysts and business leaders from the telecom, Internet, finance, and other industries. Focusing on the theme of "Growing Together Through Digitalization and Building a Better Connected World", Huawei will fully elaborate on its corporate strategy, which aims to move towards a Better Connected World. The company will also discuss its strategic thinking, products, and market progress in the areas of cloud computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), and operations transformation. Representatives from industry organizations including NB-IoT Forum, OpenStack, TM Forum, and The Open Group will also share their views and best practices on industry development.
NEWS | APR 07, 2016|Huawei Awarded “Innovation in PCRF virtualization” at 2016 Policy Control Conference|Huawei Awarded Innovation in PCRF (Policy and Charging Rule Function) virtualization at 2016 Policy Control Conference held in Berlin, Germany. The award recognizes Huawei's leading position in the policy management of the industry, as well as Huawei's core network achievements and contributions in the cloud development and commercial deployment.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|Huawei P9 Debuts in London with Dual Camera Lens, Reinvents Smartphone Photography in Collaboration with Leica|Today at an exclusive launch event at Londons Battersea Evolution, Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled the much anticipated Huawei P9 and P9 Plus. Created in collaboration with Leica, the dual-lens P9 sets a new standard in smartphone photography.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|Huawei Helps Kenya to Build a Future-oriented Railway Operational Communications Network|Huawei, a leading global Information and Communications Technology (ICT) solutions provider, announced today that it has won a major railway contract with Kenya, and will build a train-to-ground communications solution fully integrated with train signal systems for Kenya's Mombasa-Nairobi railway line. This is the first time that Huawei's railway operational communications solution has been applied in East Africa's railway network, to provide the GSM-R dispatching communications network as well as backbone optical transmission network, clock and synchronization system, and power and environment monitoring system to the region.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|Bibliotheca Alexandrina Egypt Selects Huawei HPC Solution to Build Massive Computing Platform|Bibliotheca Alexandrina, Egypt, one of the oldest libraries in the world, today announced that it selects Huawei high-performance computing (HPC) solution to build massive computing platform. Huawei HPC solution uses extraordinary high-density FusionServer servers, and employs high-speed InfiniBand (IB) for computing networks. The HPC clusters can achieve a theoretical peak speed of 118 Tera floating point operations per second (TFLOPS) while the entire solution will provide 288 TB in storage capacity for concurrent file systems. These features enable Huawei HPC solution to support the applications requiring massive computing.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|TWA Contracts Huawei Marine for 100G Upgrade on TW1|Huawei Marine Networks Co., Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine network provider, today announced that Transworld Associates（TWA）, a Pakistani Tier 1 internet and international connectivity provider, has contracted with Huawei Marine to upgrade its submarine cable system, TW1.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|Huawei Selected as Excellence Award: Threat Solutions Finalist for the SC Magazine Awards 2016 Europe|Huawei has been named a finalist in the SC Awards 2016 Europe for outstanding threat solution products in information security.Huawei USG/Eudemon SeriesFirewalls are recognised in the Best UTM Solution category as one of the five finalists, which acknowledges superior products and services that help customers address the most pressing cyber-security threats. The winners will be announced at the SC Magazine Awards Europe ceremony to be held in London on Tuesday 7th June at a stunning new venue on the Riverside of the Thames, Old Billingsgate.
NEWS | APR 06, 2016|Huawei AAU Solution Ushering in an Era of Massive Deployment|Huawei announced the deployment of its innovative Active Antenna Unit (AAU) Solution on 100 commercial networks worldwide. This solution is an important part of Huaweis GigaRadio solution, ushering in an era of massive deployment.
NEWS | APR 01, 2016|Huawei Launches Intel® Xeon® E5 v4-based 2-Socket Servers|Today, Huawei 2-socket FusionServer unveiled at Intel Xeon E5 v4 press conference in Beijing. Intel Xeon E5 v4 is new generation Processors based on Broadwell process platform. Huawei 2-socket servers are all upgraded to the Intel Xeon E5 v4 processor platform and launched globally.
NEWS | APR 01, 2016|Etisalat & Huawei Launches the First NB-IoT trial of Smart Parking in the Middle East|Today Etisalat UAE a Leading Telecom service provider together with Huawei announced the first successful trial of Smart Parking in the Middle East on Etisalat live network. The live trial is the first implemented use case in Internet of Things (IoT)/Machine to Machine (M2M) strategic partnership MoU signed by both parties at MWC 2015.
NEWS | APR 01, 2016|Huawei Reports Revenue of CNY395 billion in 2015|Today Huawei announced its financial results for 2015, reporting that its Carrier, Enterprise, and Consumer Business Groups (BGs) all achieved strong year-on-year growth. The three BGs generated CNY395 billion (US$60.8 billion) in annual revenue worldwide, an increase of 37% YoY. Net profit was CNY36.9 billion (US$5.7 billion), up 33% YoY.
NEWS | MAR 31, 2016|Huawei supports PCCW Global to achieve industry milestone as world’s first MEF 100G CE 2.0 certified service provider|Huawei today announced to successfully support PCCW Global becoming the worlds first service provider to receive MEF 100G CE 2.0 certification for E-Line and E-Access services. The certification represents a milestone for the industry, as the previous upper limit for MEF CE 2.0 services certification was 10G per second.
NEWS | MAR 31, 2016|Notice on Rotating CEO Tenure|Mr. Ken Hu will be the Acting CEO of Huawei from April 1st 2016 to September 30th 2016, according to Huawei Rotating CEO system. The rotating CEO acts as the primary person of the companys operations and crisis management during his tenure and is responsible for convening and chairing the meetings of Board of Directors Executive Committee and the companys Executive Management Team.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2016|Siemens and Huawei Concluded CBTC over LTE Test|Huawei today announced that Communication Based Train Control (CBTC) over Long Term Evolution (LTE) joint solution validation on which Huawei and Siemens collaborated passed the interoperability testing in France at the end of 2015. During the testing, multiple types of service, including CBTC, Passenger Information System (PIS), and Closed-circuit Television (CCTV), were carried using one radio technology - LTE, laying a solid foundation for commercial rollout of CBTC over LTE service.
NEWS | MAR 29, 2016|Huawei and GhangorCloud to Pioneer Enhanced Security Solutions for Today’s Enterprise Customers|Huawei, a global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and GhangorCloud, a leading provider of next-generation information security and compliance solutions, have announced a new partnership to combine their strengths to deliver vastly improved security solutions to customers Worldwide.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2016|Huawei AAU Solution Helping Finnish Shared Network Build Green MBB Network|Finnish Shared Network Ltd, also known as SYV, has deployed the Huawei Active Antenna Unit (AAU) solution enabling them to improve network quality and provide an optimal mobile broadband (MBB) experience in Northern Finland.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2016|Etisalat Misr & Huawei announce to complete the world’s first live traffic application of Super Dual Band|Etisalat Misr and Huawei announced that they have completed the worlds first live traffic application of the innovative microwave solution Super Dual Band with throughput more than 6Gbps in mobile backhaul in Alex region, Egypt.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2016|Huawei Launches the World First 32-Wavelength 320Gb/s-Capacity WDM-PON Prototype with Successful Demonstration at OFC2016|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced the successful demonstration of the world first 32-wavelength WDM-PON (wavelength division multiplexing passive optical network) prototype at 2016 Optical Fiber Communications Conference and Exposition (OFC 2016) in Anaheim, USA. The prototype increases the single-fiber capacity to 320 Gb/s, and provides exclusive wavelength channels to users with high security, high reliability, low latency and small timing jitter. It is well suited for wireless fronthaul and dedicated 10GE leased ​​line services for enterprise users.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2016|Huawei-led Manufacturing Quality Management Testbed project approved by IIC|The Manufacturing Quality Management (MQM) Testbed project, jointly launched by Huawei, Haier Group, China Telecom, and the China Academy of Telecommunication Research, CATR (formerly China Academy of Information and Communications Technology), was approved by the Steering Committee of the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) in US.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2016|Huawei calls for open and cooperative approach to security at the Commonweath Cybersecurity Forum 2016|Huawei today called for the cybersecurity industry to adopt an open and cooperative approach to security that is built-in to assurance systems, rather than bolted on as an afterthought.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2016|Huawei Hosts Asia Pacific Railway Summit 2016 in Hong Kong|themed on ‘Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected Railway’|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, hosted the Asia Pacific Railway Summit 2016 in Hong Kong today. The event, which was themed "Leading New ICT: Building a Better Connected Railway", drew in more than 100 railway decision makers and professionals from 10 countries to share best practices and discuss the trends and challenges shaping rail development.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2016|Huawei Showcases the 100G PON Core Technology Research Results, Improving Industry Standard Development|Huawei will showcase the 100G PON core technology research results it has made at the Optical Fiber Communication Conference|Exposition and the National Fiber Optic Engineers Conference (OFC), which is to be opened on March 2024, 2016. Huawei will also demonstrate the latest technology prototype. The prototype has been successfully verified against various indicators in the full-service scenario, and delivers excellent performance in ODN reusing and PON system coexistence, which provides significant reference for 100G PON standardization.
NEWS | MAR 23, 2016|Huawei Among World’s Top 100 Most Valuable Brands in 2016 According to Brand Finance|UK consulting firm Brand Finance on March 14 released its 2016 "Global Top 100 Most Valuable Brands, and Huawei ranked 47th on the list.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2016|Huawei Showcasing InnovativeSolutions Under the Theme of "Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected Railway" at Asia Pacific Rail 2016|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today showcased a number of innovative solutions under the theme of "Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected Railway" at Asia Pacific Rail 2016, which began yesterday and ends tomorrow in Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre.
NEWS | MAR 22, 2016|Adhering to Openness, Huawei Cloud OS FusionSphere Passed SUSE YES CERTIFIED Test|Huawei open cloud operating system (OS) FusionSphere has passed SUSE YES CERTIFIED test recently. As a cloud computing software product, Huawei OpenStack-based FusionSphere is compatible with diversified servers, storage systems, and mainstream virtualization platforms as well as enterprise-class application software, providing virtualization and management features for enterprise and operator customers. The Open Telekom Cloud launched by Deutsche Telekom at CeBIT 2016 adopts Huawei FusionSphere as its system architecture software for FusionSphere's openness, convergence, and agility.
NEWS | MAR 18, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone Extend Strategic Alliance|In Enterprise Business|Huawei announced that it has signed a Global Framework Agreement with Vodafone, extending the scope of strategic alliance in the enterprise business.
NEWS | MAR 18, 2016|Summit Explored Reshaping IT to Fuel Digital Banking Transformation|Huawei co-hosted the 4th Global FSI Summit with renowned industry publication, The Banker, at CeBIT 2016 on March 16, 2016. With the theme of "Reshaping IT to Fuel Digital Banking Transformation", the Summit brought together over 200 industry experts and global financial customers, including Financial Times, China Construction Bank (CCB), BNP Paribas, Santander Central Hispano S.A, Worldline, to discuss the impact of digitalization on customer behavior, channel services, product innovation, and business operation, as well as the future of digital transformation.
NEWS | MAR 18, 2016|Huawei launches UPS5000-S at CeBIT 2016, power module efficiency up to 97.5 %|Huawei launched a modular Uninterrupted Power System (UPS) with a high efficient power module of up to 97.5% at CeBIT 2016.
NEWS | MAR 18, 2016|Huawei and ESI Announce New Car Design Platform|Huawei and ESI Group (ESI) showcased a car crash simulation solution based on Huawei high-performance computing (HPC) at CeBIT 2016.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2016|WIPO names Huawei #1 filer of international patents|The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) in Geneva announced on March 16 that Huawei Technologies topped the list of international patent filers for the second straight year in 2015. Huawei applied for 3,898 patents, 456 more than the previous year and more than Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony, and HP.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2016|Huawei Launches OneAir@Smart X Solution at CeBIT2016|Huawei showcased the diverse prospective applications of its innovative OneAir@Smart X solution at CeBIT 2016 in Hannover. This private network solution provides an optimal wireless solution for industry customers across a wide range of sectors such as manufacturing, logistics, port, power, chemical, open pit, and wISP.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2016|Huawei Signs Smart City Project Agreement at Its Global Safe City Summit at CeBIT 2016|At CeBIT 2016, Huawei hosted its Global Safe City Summit 2016 under the theme of Leading New ICT, Making Cities Safer on March 15, 2016. The Summit brought together customers from Europe, Southeast Asia, and Africa, as well as industry analysts and partners, such as Hexagon, to exchange views on public safety and leveraging innovative ICT to make cities safer and smarter. At the summit, Huawei also signed Smart City project agreement with Malta and Autonomous Region of Sardinia, Italy.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2016|Worldwide highest P3 score measured for Huawei & T-Mobile Netherlands’ network|Thanks to Huaweis technology and services, T-Mobile Netherlands mobile network ranks number one in the worldwide independent P3 test which P3 Communications, a network testing and consultancy firm, published today in the Dutch mobile benchmarking report. From January to February 2016, P3 Communications held an extensive drive test to measure the best 2G/3G/4G mobile services in the Netherlands. Outcome of the test shows that T-Mobile Netherlands ranks number one, aided by its strong voice and data service, making it the best performing network in the Netherlands.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2016|Huawei Launches AgilePOL Solution, Promoting Fiber-to-the-desk in Enterprise|Huawei launched its AgilePOL solution at CeBIT 2016. The solution uses PON (passive optical network) technologies to build enterprise POL (passive optical LAN) network. Passive fibers are used to replace conventional Ethernet cables and switches, flattening the network architecture and making the network easy to deploy and manage. The POL network will provide high bandwidths and multiple services, bringing cloud services within easy reach.
NEWS | MAR 16, 2016|Cinia selects Huawei to Build Direct Digital Silk Road between Asia and Europe|Huawei today announced to jointly build direct digital Silk Road between Asia and Europe with Cinia, a Finland-based designer, builder and operator of intelligent connectivity and ICT solutions. Huawei transport platform will connect the European data hubs via C-Lion sea cable connection with the network and service providers in China and other Eastern markets.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2016|IMS Networks Choose Huawei WAN SDN Solution to Meet Challenges of Digital Transformation|France IMS Networks at the CeBIT 2016 publicly announced that IMS Networks would use Huawei NE40E high-end routers and WAN SDN solution to build a new-generation IP backbone network, providing the best WAN services for enterprise customers facing the challenges of digital transformation.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2016|Huawei Launches Connected City Lighting Solution, Saving Municipal Lighting Energy by 80%|Today at CeBIT 2016, Huawei debuted its Connected City Lighting Solution, the industry's first Internet of Things (IoT) lighting solution with multi-level intelligent control.Huawei Connected City Lighting Solution connects street lamps to the IoT and adopts a GIS-based management system, enabling cities to enhance the control and performance of every street lamp. The solution provides municipal managers with status information on each lamp, in every street and enables precise control of on-off switches and brightness of individual street lamps, allowing on-demand lighting and a reduction in energy consumption by up to 80%.
NEWS | MAR 15, 2016|Huawei Announces Leading New ICT to Build a Better Connected World|Huawei Enterprise Business Group today launched innovative solutions and partnerships under its new marketing slogan -- Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected World at CeBIT 2016, the worlds largest ICT trade fair, which is being held from March 14 to 18.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2016|Huawei Unveils Munich Openlab to Accelerate Digital Innovation and Industry Ecosystem in Europe|Today at CeBIT 2016, Huawei unveiled its first Openlab in Munich, a new center of excellence to foster joint, customer and business-driven ICT innovation with partners. Huaweis Munich Openlab will drive innovation in areas including the Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing and big data, to build safer and smarter cities. To date, more than 25 partners including T-Systems, SAP, Intel, Alstom, and Hexagon have expressed an interest in participating in the new Openlab.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2016|Huawei and KUKA Partnership to Accelerate New Opportunities in Smart Manufacturing|At CeBIT 2016, Huawei today signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with KUKA, a global leader in robot technology, to develop smart manufacturing solutions for industrial markets in Europe and China.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2016|Huawei Launches the World's First 32-Socket x86 Mission Critical Server Called KunLun|Huawei today launched the world's first 32-socket x86 mission critical server called KunLun 9032 at CeBIT 2016. The server sets a new standard in mission critical computing by combining an innovative and open design with breakthrough Reliability, Availability, Serviceability (RAS 2.0) and CPU interconnection technologies. These innovations enable KunLun to deliver superior performance and reliability to support enterprises mission critical applications on a huge scale.
NEWS | MAR 14, 2016|Deutsche Telekom and Huawei Launch New Open Telekom Cloud|On March 14, 2016 at CeBIT 2016, Deutsche Telekom announced the launch of Open Telekom Cloud. The new public cloud platform will provide European enterprises of all sizes with on-demand, pay-as-you-go, secure cloud services to respond to fast changing market conditions. Huawei was selected as the hardware and software solution provider for Open Telekom Cloud.
NEWS | MAR 11, 2016|Huawei's End-to-End SDN Solution Successfully Participated in EANTC Interoperability Test|Today, at the 2016 MPLSSDNNFV World Congress, Huawei announced that it has successfully participated in the European Advanced Networking Test Centers (EANTC) interoperability test. Huawei has tested all the three fields of SDN, IP/MPLS, and clock synchronization and performed well. This shows Huaweis position as the industry leader in the SDN era.
NEWS | MAR 11, 2016|The Third China OpenStack Hackathon Was Held in Chengdu|Huawei, Intel, and China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI) jointly hosted the third China OpenStack Hackathon in Chengdu from March 7 to 9, 2016. As members of the OpenStack board of directors, Huawei and Intel are playing a more and more important role in the OpenStack international community. Both parties have been actively contributing to the community (ranked in top 8).
NEWS | MAR 09, 2016|Huawei Launches Theme of “Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected World” at CeBIT 2016|Huawei plans to announce its global marketing theme for its Enterprise Business Group (BG): Leading New ICT, Building a Better Connected World at CeBIT 2016, the worlds largest annual IT trade fair, held in Hannover, Germany, from March 14 to 18, 2016. The theme defines how the leading global ICT provider is enabling enterprises to transform and thrive in the digital era. This year will mark Huaweis sixth consecutive year participating in CeBIT with a vast exhibition area spanning 3,000 square meters, twice as large as last year.
NEWS | MAR 07, 2016|Cosmote and Huawei have successfully demonstrated|1st Super Dual Band microwave field trial in the world for multi-Giga backhauling|Cosmote|Huawei announced today the successful field trial completion of innovative microwave solution Super Dual Band for Multi - Giga backhauling that started in January.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2016|Huawei becomes Patron of The Prince’s Trust in celebration of 15 years in the UK|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, which this year celebrates 15 years in the UK, is pleased to announce that it is now a Patron of The Princes Trust.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2016|Huawei Next-Generation Firewall Solutions Receive IPSec 2.2 Enhanced and SSL-TLS Certification from ICSA Labs|Huawei today announced that its next-generation firewall (NGFW) solutions - Unified Security Gateway (USG) series and Eudemon series - have received IPSec 2.2 Enhanced Certification and SSL-TLS VPN 4.0 Certification from ICSA Labs. Obtaining this certification provides carriers and enterprises with further assurance that Huawei NGFW solutions deliver advanced security to protect against cyber threats that target networks, applications and data.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2016|Frost & Sullivan Announce Huawei SDM Leader|The recent SubscriberDataManagement(SDM) market survey published by Frost|Sullivan ranks Huawei top in the 2015 SDM market, with a share of 30%. By the end of 2015, the Huawei SDM solution has served over 310 operators in more than 136 countries.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2016|Huawei ranks 4th among patent applicants in Europe|Huawei has risen to the 4th position in the ranking of companies filing patents with the European Patent Office (EPO), the offices annual report published today has revealed. The company filed a total of 1 953 applications with the office in 2015. For the second year in a row, it topped digital communications, boasting 1 197 filings in this sector alone.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2016|The Sabah state government of Malaysia collaborates with Huawei to become a regional ICT hub|Huawei announced today that the company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Sabah state government in ShenZhen. The signing, which was witnessed by Sabah Chief Minister Datuk Seri Musa Aman and Madam Chen Lifang, Huawei Senior Vice President and Member of Board, is for a collaboration between both parties to enable Sabah achieve its target of becoming a regional ICT hub and smart state. A joint Working Group will be formed to oversee the smooth implementation of this collaboration.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2016|Huawei Earns "Recommended" Rating From NSS Labs|Huawei announced today that it has earned NSS Labs "recommended" rating in the latest Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) Group Test. A "recommended" rating from NSS is awarded based on outstanding performance that confirms Huawei firewalls now rank among the industrys leaders.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2016|Huawei Signed MoU with FireMon to Provide Proactive Firewall Management on Huawei NGFW|Today, Huawei and FireMon signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) at RSA2016, and announced a partnership to provide proactive firewall management solution on Huawei NGFW worldwide, helping users reduce the cost of operations and maintenance.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2016|Huawei Magic Cube ONT Wins iF Product Design Award|Huawei magic cube optical network terminal (ONT) has won the iF Product Design Award, known as the Oscar" of the design world. As an FTTH user-side terminal, the magic cube ONT adopts the Dutch painter Mondrian's style to present the beauty of sequence and symmetry through horizontal and vertical lines. It beat tens of thousands entries from 50 countries to win the judges' unanimous approval. The iF Product Design Award for Huawei magic box ONT reflects Huawei taking the lead in the ONT industry not only in terms of technology but also in terms of humanity and art.
NEWS | MAR 01, 2016|Intercellular Nigeria Chooses Huawei for Rapid Network Transformation To LTE Broadband|Huawei held a signing ceremony with Intercellular Nigeria at this years Mobile World Congress, where Intercellular CEO Mr Emad Sukker announced a joint LTE 4G transformation of the CDMA network. With this alliance, Huawei will deploy an 800M LTE network to meet the strategic and service demands of the Nigerian market.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2016|Huawei Spain and INCIBE sign a MoU for the Development of Cyber security|Huawei Spain and the Spanish National Institute of Cyber security (INCIBE) have signed, within the framework of the Mobile World Congress, held these days in Barcelona, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for collaboration in which both organizations are committed to promote cyber security in Spain. This is the first agreement in this regard, signed by the company in a European country.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2016|Huawei Signed a NB-IoT MoU on NB-IoT with TIM|Huawei and TIM signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the development of IoT solutions on Narrowband IoT technology (NB-IoT) at Feb. 21 2016 in Barcelona, aimed at growing and sustaining this new market.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2016|Huawei and Qualcomm Jointly Demonstrate 4.5G (TDD+) Uplink Technologies|At Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, will jointly demonstrated 4.5G (LTE TDD+) uplink key technologies, using the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with X12 LTE, and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor with X8 LTE. Qualcomm Snapdragon is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. These technologies improve the LTE TDD uplink data transmission rate in typical scenarios by 50% to 100%.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2016|Huawei FusionServer E9000 CH242 V3 4-Socket Blade Server Achieves Record VMmark Score Again|Huawei today announced that its FusionServer E9000 CH242 V3 4-socket blade server ranked No. 1, with a record score of 47.66, in the VMmark 2.5.2 virtualization benchmark test based on the Intel Xeon E7-8800 v3 series processors.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2016|Huawei Proposes Experience-Centric Network Construction Principles|At the 2016 World Mobile Congress, An Jian, the president of Huaweis Wireless Network Marketing|Solutions department, gave a keynote speech entitled "New Paradigms for Delivering Cost-Effective Network QoE". In his speech, he emphasized the importance of user experience in the digital era, and proposed U-vMOS (User, Unified, Ubiquitous-Mean Opinion Score for Video) and the related triple-super network solution.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2016|Telefonica and Huawei join forces to develop the Smart Home category in Latin America|Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, Telefnica and Huawei announced yesterday they are joining forces to develop the Smart Home category in Latin America. Using Huaweis cloud based platform and a jointly designed exclusive user experience, Telefnica will provide their Latin American customers with an innovative Smart Home experience, becoming the first telco to offer these services in the region. This collaboration strengthens the operator commitment to bringing the latest technology to their customers, going along with them in its discovery and use.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2016|Huawei Releases UBB 2020 White Paper|Huawei has released its UBB 2020 White Paper at the 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC). This White Paper, entitled "Open Roads to UBB 2020", covers the UBB industry vision as well as the operators' UBB business proposition. It also covers the reconstruction of operator businesses, networks, operations, and ecosystems driven by UBB industry development. Additionally, "Open Roads to UBB 2020" analyzes the major opportunities and challenges for operators in the next five years, and provides suggestions by sharing best practices.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2016|The Open ROADS Community Launches at MWC 2016|The Open ROADS Community has officially launched, establishing its advisory board of global ICT leaders during the 2016 Mobile World Congress.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2016|Huawei 4.5G (TDD+) Awarded GTI Outstanding Contributions for Innovative Solution and Application and Innovative Technical Product|The Global TD-LTE Initiative (GTI) Awards 2015 presentation ceremony was held during the Mobile Word Congress (MWC) this year. Huawei won the awards of outstanding contribution in the innovative solution and application as well as innovative technical product categories. These awards lend prestige and recognition to Huaweis progress in 4.5G (TDD+) technological innovation, commercial implementatio, and E2E industry growth.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2016|Huawei Unveils the Best Experience DC-Centric Network Solution|[Barcelona, Spain, Feb. 24, 2016] Recently at the 2016 Mobile World Congress, Huawei released its DC-centric network solution, a solution with three components: CloudFabric 3.0 for intra-DC connections, DCI for inter-DC connections, and CloudVPN for user-to-DC connections. This innovative solution has prevailed among operators with its distinctive perception of services and insightful thoughts on network construction.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2016|The Linux Foundation Announces Intent to Form Open Source Unified Orchestrator Project for SDN and NFV|The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, today is announcing the intent to form the OPEN-Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). This collaborative effort will bring the industry together to develop the first open source software framework and orchestrator to enable agile software-defined networking (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) operations. The effort is being detailed today at a press conference hosted by The Linux Foundation, China Mobile and Huawei at Mobile World Congress.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2016|Huawei Strikes for Global Partnership on 5G Innovations|With a global momentum moving towards 5G era across of all ICT industries, to build and expand the mobile industry ecosystem become essential to make 5G a success. As a driving force to lead 5G innovation, Huawei continue to extend the global open partnership initiatives with more than 20 operators, including CMCC, Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone, NTT DOCOMO, Telefonica, TeliaSonera and Etisalat, and 10 industry partners, spanning in Asia, Europe, and North America.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei releases MANO white paper, allows for better use of NFV|In the lead up to the 2016 MWC in Barcelona, Huawei, a leading global information and communications solutions vendor, released a white paper on NFV MANO (Network Functions Virtualization Management and Orchestration), the Huawei CloudOpera MANO White Paper. It combines their ICT experience with NFV industry trends, relates Huaweis understanding of MANO, and describes ideas and methods for NFV lifecycle management.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei and TBR jointly release|“NFV Systems Integration Services” White Paper|According to a new white paper entitled Operators Accelerate NFV Adoption for Faster Agility and Openness, the complexity of NFV integration, especially in multi-vendors and open source environment integration and to provide end to end service assurance, is the biggest challenge in transforming carrier networks through virtualization. To solve these issues, many operators are turning to a prime systems integrator with strong knowledge of telecom and IT to assist in NFV design, deployment, testing and operations. The white paper was published jointly by TBR, a global advisory firm and Huawei.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei Demos Live Transnational 4K Broadcasting over a Record Distance at MWC 2016|At MWC 2016, Huawei demonstrated live 4K broadcasting over a record distance in the industry and also unveiled the 4K Video Network solution to build a network with a User, Unified, Ubiquitous-Mean Opinion Score for Video (U-vMOS) of as high as 4. A network with a U-vMOS score of 4 or higher will bring differentiated business competitive strength for carriers.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|China Mobile Joins Hands with Huawei to Introduce Innovative Solutions at MWC 2016|Huawei has announced its partnership with China Mobile to introduce a series of innovative solutions at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016 in Barcelona. 4.5G (TDD+), NarrowBand Internet of Things (NB-IoT), and network slicing are among these solutions that demonstrate the long-term network evolution strategy and infinite service application potential that China Mobile has envisioned.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei and China Unicom in First National Commercial Deployment of|Full-Outdoor WDM 4G C-RAN Mobile Fronthaul Network|Recently,Huawei and China Unicom announced they have successfully completed the first commercial deployment of a 4G cloud radio access network (C-RAN) mobile fronthaul network using a full-outdoor WDM C-RAN mobile fronthaul bearer solution. The deployment resolves fiber resource consumption and supervision issues in China Unicom's C-RAN construction, and paves the way for future large-scale 4G C-RAN construction.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei Unveils Safe City Solution Experience Center at 2016 Mobile World Congress|Together with its industry partners, Huawei unveiled its Safe City Solution Experience Center at Mobile World Congress 2016, held in Barcelona, Spain, from February 22 to 25. Under the theme Leading New ICT, Making Cities Safer, the experience center showcases leading new Information and Communications Technologies (ICT), including the Internet of Things (IoT), Mobile Broadband, Video and Big Data, which are reshaping traditional urban safety management. The center also includes Safe City Solutions that enable cities to build multidimensional and intelligent security systems featuring awareness, visualization, and collaboration, helping governments improve crisis prevention and emergency handling capabilities while reducing crime rates.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei and Nexusguard Unveil Hybrid DDoS Protection|Huawei and Nexusguard, the worldwide leader in distributed denial of service (DDoS) security solutions, today announced a new hybrid solution that gives enterprises and Internet Service Providers state-of-the-art DDoS protection using software-defined networking (SDN) and cloud mitigation.
NEWS | FEB 23, 2016|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping raises three things to do before 5G arrives|Today, Huawei Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO Guo Ping gave a keynote speech at Mobile World Congress 2016. Along with the CEOs of Ford and PayPal, Guo shared his thoughts on "mobile is connected living". In his keynote speech "what should we do before 5G", Guo commented that it will be a long time before 5G is deployed on a large scale, and industry players must ensure they do not miss out on opportunities. Guo also said that three things should be done before 5G arrives: increase connectivity, enable verticals, and redefine network capabilities. These initiatives will help address the uncertainties brought about by new technologies and new business models.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Present FusionInsight-Universe Analytics Platform in MWC 2016|Huawei showed its latest progress of FusionInsight-Universe Big Data Analytics Platform under the theme of Open, Efficient and Intelligent in MWC 2016, Barcelona, including intelligent data production system, easy-to-use big data analytics environment, and Big Data as a Service (BDaaS) solution.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Unveils the World's First 320T Centralized All-Optical Switching WDM Prototype at MWC 2016|Huawei showcased the world's first 320T centralized all-optical switching WDM prototype "OXC" at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016. Each OXC has a 320T switching capacity, which is 12 to 16 times the capacity of traditional OTN devices. The power consumption of OXC optical switching just equals one thousandth that of traditional OTN switching. The OXC provides high capacity, low power consumption, and low latency for cloud era's data center (DC) interconnection.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom Demonstrate 5G E2E Network Slicing Technology|Huawei and Deutsche Telekom showed worlds first 5G E2E network slicing demo on the opening day of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The joint demo is conducted in Deutsche Telekoms 5G:haus lab based in Bonn, Germany, and aims to validate network slicing technology, which can create network slice on demand in each given application scenario with high flexibility and efficiency for the future-coming diversity 5G applications.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Unveils Cloud Data Center at MWC 2016, Accelerating Carrier Cloud Transformations|Huawei unveiled its impressive cloud data center at Mobile World Congress 2016 (MWC 2016) being held from February 22 through 25. The open ecosystem with joint innovations from SAP, Accenture, and other partners demonstrates well-ordered integration of IT resources and solutions, open and dynamic cloud architectures, service-driven public cloud layouts, and other striking advantages for telcos. The framework accelerates transformations in cloud-based service provisioning, helping carriers tap into greater business potential.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Helps Personal Argentina to Open ICT Cloudification Transformation|Argentine mobile operator Personal has recently announced that Huaweis CloudEdge solution is the exclusive winner of its Virtualized Evolved Packet Core (vEPC) project. The success of the Network Functions Virtualization (NFV)-based solution reflects the practical stage that mainstream operators of Latin America have progressed to during their ICT architecture transformation.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei and LG U+ Kick Off World’s First 4T4R Pre-Commercial Network|Leading Korean operator LG U+ has recently announced its joint success with Huawei in completing trials of its 4T4R network, which will be commercially launched in March. 4T4R is the key technology of the 4.5G network, and its commercial deployment is a concrete step into the 4.5G era.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Drives Openness, Collaboration, and Shared Success|to Enable Digital Transformation and Build a Better Connected World|Huawei will share its vision for a better connected world at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, which will be held from February 22 to 25 in Barcelona, Spain. Promoting openness, collaboration and shared success, Huawei's focus at this year's event is centered on building an open digital ecosystem with industry partners to accelerate digital transformation within different countries and industries, and promote thriving digital economies.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|The Global NB-IoT Summit teams up with vertical industry to keep on fast track|Huawei, together with more than 300 key mobile industry heavyweights and vertical industry representatives participated in Global NB-IoT Summit held on February 21st, 2016. GSMA, top operators, key vendors and vertical industry companies shared the view of NB-IoT technology beauty and its promising business case.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei GigaRadio Shines at MWC2016|Today, Huawei a global leading telecommunication and solution provider, released its latest wireless base station, GigaRadio, which sets a new benchmark for network construction with Gbps peak rate. A single module is capable to support Gbps throughput, turning a single site to support xGbps capacity and Gbps experience everywhere. Huawei is the pioneer of leading innovations in Base Station technologies such as Distributed Base Station (DBS), SingleRAN and Blade Site. Now Huawei GigaRadio is leading the industry again in technology innovation, user experience and commercial success.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Opened Massive Commercial Use Era of 4.5G Together with Global Telecom Operators|On the eve of Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, an opening ceremony for strategic cooperation on 4.5G between Huawei and world's leading telecom operators, includingTeliaSonera from Norway, HKT from Hong Kong, LG Uplus from Korea, P4 from Poland, VIVA from Kuwait, among others, took place at the 4.5G Industry Summit, a part of Digital Transformation Summit for MWC 2016. This strategic cooperation unfolds a new chapter for massive 4.5G commercial use in 2016.
NEWS | FEB 22, 2016|Huawei Releases Small Cell White Paper: Five Trends to Small Cell 2020|At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, Huawei released its small cell white paper titled Five Trends to Small Cell 2020, explaining Huawei's stance on the development of the small cell industry. Huawei small cell is committed to helping operators build an open and converged small cell network that supports future-oriented sustained evolution.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|Huawei Released GigaRadio Solution for Massive Deployment of 4.5G Commercial Networks|Huawei, along with world's leading telecom operators, TeliaSonera from Norway, HKT from Hong Kong, LG U+ from Korea, P4 from Poland, Viva from Kuwait among others, attended the 4.5G Strategic Cooperation Launching Ceremony during the 4.5G Industry Summit on the eve of Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016. The ceremony kicks off the massive deployment of 4.5G commercial networks in 2016.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|Digital Operations Transformation Summit Drives Open Collaboration to Advance Digital Businesses|At the Fira Center, Crowne Plaza Barcelona Huawei, TM Forum and Light Reading hosted the Digital Operations Transformation Summit. Over 70 C-suite executives from top-tier telecom carriers, industry leaders and innovators attended the event which focused on advancing digital businesses and driving future opportunities for carriers and enterprises by promoting open innovation and collaboration.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|Huawei Kicks off MWC 2016 with Digital Transformation Summit|On the eve of Mobile World Congress 2016, Huawei hosted the Digital Transformation Summit in Barcelona, Spain. Centering around five major topics, including 4.5G, NB-IoT, 5G, Small Cell, Video and Digital Operations, Huawei invited over 500 guests from worlds leading telecom operators, industry associations, vertical analyst institutions and media outlets joining together to hold open discussions on opportunities, challenges and trends in digital transformation.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|Huawei and ITU-T Host Video Everywhere Summit to Drive the Video Industry Forward|Huawei and the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector (ITU-T) jointly hosted the Video Everywhere Summit 2016. The event attracted global operators, industry partners, and industry leaders from consulting firms. It provided a quality platform for attendees to better understand the trends of the global video industry, and formulate industry development and business strategies for a robust ecosystem, and develop unified standards for quantifying the video experience. Attendees discussed what types of networks are needed to support video services, explored what OTT players and content providers expect from operators, and held constructive discussions on how operators should develop video services. Huawei shared its vision of Big Video and unveiled a new video network architecture that can deliver an optimal experience.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|Huawei Launches MateBook at MWC 2016|At Mobile World Congress 2016, Huawei launched the HUAWEI MateBook, a 2-in-1 device designed to meet the evolving demands of todays modern business users. Building on Huaweis success in delivering beautiful and powerful high-end mobile consumer devices, the MateBook defines itself as a mobile productivity tool that seamlessly integrates mobility, high efficiency, work and entertainment.
NEWS | FEB 21, 2016|VIVA Kuwait and Huawei cooperate on testing 4.5G in commercial network|VIVA，the leading telecommunication company in Kuwait and Huawei announced that it will test 4.5G mobile broadband technology on its advanced network in the near future. With the introduction of new technology, VIVA is enabling individuals, corporate and government entities to enjoy increasingly faster connected and intelligent services. Huawei as a strategic partner will provide advanced 4.5G technology including GigaRadio、eMIMO、NB IoT solutions.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|TeliaSonera and Huawei Jointly Innovate in 5G|TeliaSonera and Huawei have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to establish a strategic partnership in the research and development of 5G technologies.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|Huawei Smart Pole Accelerates Omantel’s 4G network deployment|Omantel has joined forces with Huawei to deploy the Smart Pole solution in Muscats city center. Smart Poles innovative design is embedded with Huaweis 4G Small Cell for a dramatic shortening of the time for 4G network deployment to meet booming MBB traffic demand.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|3DB Solution Doubles VIVA's Network Capacity|Huawei and VIVA have recently announced the world's first successful deployment of the FDD LTE 3DB solution. Kuwait's leading mobile operator has chosen this innovation that features the next-generation Huawei base station platform, which is designed to help operators with their Gbps-era goals. Operators aim for a rapid increase in network capacity, significant enhancement of the user experience they offer, and ultimately, commercial success.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|Optus and Huawei Trial 4.5G Technology, Achieve Download Speeds of 1.23Gbps – 1.41Gbps|On the eve of Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, Optus and Huawei have announced a live trial of 4.5G technology resulting in download speeds of 1.41Gbpswith theoretical maximum speeds reaching 1.43Gbps.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|Huawei and Qualcomm finish 1Gbps joint test successfully|Huawei and Qualcomm finished 1Gbps joint test successfully. The test showcased the commercial readiness of 4.5G on both infrastructure and user device side.
NEWS | FEB 19, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone partner in creating world’s 1st strategic NB-IoT Open Lab|Huawei and Vodafone have agreed to establish the worlds first NB-IoT (Narrowband Internet of Things) Open Lab.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2016|Huawei and Vodafone announce strategic partnership on 5G Technologies|Vodafone Group is partnering with Huawei and a number of other partners to research 5G technologies and prepare its networks for a transition towards the new mobile standard.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2016|Huawei Ranked 13th on Fast Company’s Annual List of the World’s 50 Most Innovative Companies|Fast Company, a highly regarded business and technology publication, has ranked Huawei the 13th most innovative company in the world for 2016. This is Huaweis third time to be ranked within the Top 50 Most Innovative Companies.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2016|Huawei Recognized Among Top 10 WLAN Solution Providers 2016 by Enterprise Networking|Huawei makes it to Enterprise Networkings Top 10 WLAN Solution Providers list for its expertise in providing a full series of comprehensive WLAN products.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2016|Huawei to bring 73GHz mmWave Mu-MIMO live demo to Deutsche Telekom|Huawei announced it has showcased mmWave Mu-MIMO (millimeter wave Multi-user MIMO) technology live demo with Deutsche Telekom, German largest mobile service provider on the opening day of Mobile World Congress hold this week in Barcelona. The live demo conducted on millimeter wave band at 73GHz, achieved up to 70Gbps speed with high spectrum efficiency.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2016|4.5G, exploding in 2016|In the run-up to 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC), which will be convened in Barcelona on February 22, Huawei held a pre-MWC briefing in London to elaborate on its strategic forecast and market insight for 2016.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2016|Huawei Predicts Deployment of 60 Commercial 4.5G Networks Worldwide in 2016|Prior to the annual Mobile World Congress, Huawei held a press conference in Beijing to share its strategic outlook and insights into the global telecom industry. The Mobile World Congress 2016 is scheduled to open in Barcelona, Spain on February 22.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2016|Huawei unveils five Initiatives for digital transformation in telecom industry|Huawei today unveiled its five Big Initiatives for the telecom industry to accelerate its digital transformation. Huawei also endorsed open platforms to enable collaboration so that shared success can be achieved in telecom industry. In addition, the company announced innovative solutions for 4.5G, Internet of Things (IoT), 2K/4K video, and Safe City. The Big Initiatives and the innovative solutions represent Huaweis long term commitment to building a Better Connected World through extensive collaboration in the industry.
NEWS | FEB 15, 2016|Indonesia’s XL Launches Cloud Network Transformation with Huawei|PT XL AXIATA TBK (XL) recently announced that Huawei has won the bid for its NFV EPC project. As Indonesia's Top3 mobile operator, XL will transform its cloud network architecture. Huaweis NFV-based CloudEdge solution is tailored to XLs transition requirements and will help XL build a cloud infrastructure network which is flexible, agile, and open.
NEWS | FEB 15, 2016|Huawei Flexible NG-PON Solution|to Help Carriers Deploy Gigaband Networks|Huawei has announced a Flexible NG-PON solution designed to help carriers deploy 10G- or 40G-PON, with on-demand access based on legacy ODN networks. The NG-PON solution aims to overcome the challenges carriers currently face in technology selection, deployment, and evolution of optical networks. As a part of Huawei Any Media Giga Access Solution, the Flexible NG-PON solution will be showcased on the FTTH Conference held in Luxemburg, February 16 to 18, 2016, along with Huawei's 100G-PON prototype and Smart Home solution.
NEWS | FEB 12, 2016|Huawei hosts inaugural European Academic Salon|Today 50 academics, policymakers and industry leaders from across Europe have been brought together at Huaweis first-ever European Academic Salon, held at the Royal Academy of Engineering in London. The discussion focused on the future direction of innovation, and its implications for how universities and businesses work together.
NEWS | FEB 05, 2016|Huawei and Dynatrace Collaborate to Develop the First Holistic ICT CEM Solution|Huawei today announced collaboration with Dynatrace, the global leader in digital performance management, to jointly innovate and develop the first holistic ICT Customer Experience Management (CEM) solution.
NEWS | FEB 03, 2016|Huawei and PSNC Inaugurate Innovation Center in Poland|Huawei and Poznan Supercomputing and Networking Center (PSNC) in Poland have officially inaugurated PSNC-Huawei Innovation Center where joint research in the area of high-performance computing (HPC), cloud storage, and big data will be carried out.
NEWS | FEB 03, 2016|Huawei Reached Another Milestone with P8 lite exceeding 10 million shipments|Today Huawei announced that it has shipped more than 10 million Huawei P8 lite smartphones, a mark that was reached just nine months after launch in Europe last spring. In total, the entire Huawei P8 series has successfully reached more than 16 million people globally.
NEWS | FEB 03, 2016|Telenor India Deploys Huawei's Blade Site Solution for Mobile Broadband|Telenor India today announced the deployment of Huaweis Blade Site solution to provide Mobile Broadband (MBB) services in six operational circles. Blade Site is an innovative solution based on modular architecture which flexibly adapts to the changing demands of mobile network transformation.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2016|Telenor India and Huawei Commercialize World’s First Lean GSM Solution|Telenor India, Telenor's Indian subsidiary, said that it has largely commercialized Huawei's Lean GSM solution, paving the way for mobile broadband (MBB) transformation. The solution has been deployed in 28 cities, including Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Varanasi, to enhance coverage with better spectral efficiency. The deployment modernized 5000 sites in a record 90 days and upgraded sites to be future ready.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2016|Telefonica and Huawei Announce Industry's First SDN IP+Optical|Field Trial with Commercial Traffic in Peru|Telefonica and Huawei have jointly announced a successful migration of commercial user traffic over an SDN IP+Optical trial network in Peru. The success of the SDN based Network resulted in Telefonicas SDN team issuing a certification to Huawei to celebrate the service migration and carrying. This is the industry's first SDN IP+Optical trial network with real traffic. Based on its SDN architecture, Huawei can help Telefonica improve operation efficiency and significantly reduce OPEX. At the same time, Telefonica verified the commercial ability of Huaweis SDN solution in WAN/Backbone domain by this successful field trial.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2016|Huawei Joins APOLAN to Promote All-Optical Campus Development|The annual conference of the global Association for Passive Optical LAN (APOLAN) has opened in Orlando, Florida, bringing together 32 enterprise members and media. Huawei, a world-leading information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, today officially became an APOLAN member.
NEWS | FEB 01, 2016|Huawei and Expway will Work Together to Promote the Standardization of User Video Quality|Huawei today announced a partnership with the French Expway company, the two sides will set up a joint working group to jointly promote the standardization process in the field of video experience, focus on improving the quality of mobile video, and open up a new era for the video industry.
NEWS | FEB 01, 2016|Huawei honored with Vodafone ‘2015 Extraordinary Contribution to Project Spring & Vodafone 10 Years Partnership’ awards|Huawei today announced that it has been recognized in Vodafones Annual Supplier Awards for: Extraordinary Contribution to Project Spring, 2015 and 10 Years Partnership with Vodafone.
NEWS | FEB 01, 2016|Huawei Is Named Strong Performer in 2015 Global Private Cloud Software Market|Huawei was listed for the first time and named a strong performer in "The Forrester Wave: Private Cloud Software Suites, Q1 2016" report. The report is produced by Forrester Research Inc, one of the most influential research and advisory firms in the world. Huawei is the only China-based provider to be evaluated in this most recent analysis.
NEWS | JAN 29, 2016|Huawei Successfully Launches CEM Elite Club in London|Huawei successfully launched the fourth CEM Elite Club as the main sponsor at IQPC CEM in Telecoms Global Summit 2016 in Park Plaza Victoria in London on January 25th.
NEWS | JAN 29, 2016|Huawei MANO Contributes Most Standard Proposals in 2015|By Q4 2015, Huawei had submitted the most standard proposals and been approved on MANO in ETSI NFV and 3GPP SA5 (Telecom Management), ranked 1st in the industry.
NEWS | JAN 28, 2016|Huawei and TDC Group, Denmark’s largest telecoms operator, announce breakthrough deal to upgrade the broadband network to deliver speeds of 1 gigabyte per second|Huawei announced that it is partnering with TDC Group (Tele Danmark Communications), the largest multi-service operator (MSO) in Denmark to upgrade TDC's coaxial networkso that it can deliver broadband speeds of up to 1 gbps. The upgrade will be launched this summer and is scheduled for completion by the end of 2017. This will make Denmark the first country to upgrade an entire cable network to "Giga COAX" offering super-speed connectivity over cable networks.
NEWS | JAN 28, 2016|Huawei Releases Any Media Giga Access Platform to Deliver Gigaband Enablement|Huawei launched its Any Media Giga Access Platform that allows operators to make full use of the various access media on their existing networks to quickly deploy gigabit-capable ultra-broadband (Gigaband) networks with unified architectures, software, and management. The Gigaband Era is truly upon us now!
NEWS | JAN 27, 2016|Huawei Kicks Off NVMe PCIe SSD Flash Storm Campaign|Huawei has announced the start of its NVMe PCIe SSD Flash Storm campaign for the server domain at the Huawei European Business Driven Data Center Congress 2016. The campaign aims to use Huawei NVMe PCIe SSDs with the same total capacity to replace SATA SSDs in server products to improve service performance by over two-fold with 40% less power consumption, helping customers significantly improve service performance and reduce system TCO.
NEWS | JAN 25, 2016|Huawei’s Next-Generation Firewall Solutions Receive|Common Criteria EAL4+ Certification|Huawei today announced that its Unified Security Gateway (USG) and Eudemon series next-generation firewall solutions have been awarded Common Criteria (CC) certification at Evaluation Assurance Level 4+ (EAL4+). It demonstrates the security and reliability of Huaweis next-generation firewall products.
NEWS | JAN 22, 2016|Video MOS Work Item Proposal in Mobile Scenario Gets ITU-T Approval|Huawei announced that the ITU-T standards committee meeting in Geneva, Switzerland, has accepted its recent work item proposals for the emerging video MOS, which assesses the overall video service experience.
NEWS | JAN 20, 2016|Huawei Elected as a Gold Member Director of OpenStack 2016 Board|Huawei has been elected as a Gold Member Board Director for the OpenStack 2016 Board. This is the first time that a Chinese provider has obtained this honor.
NEWS | JAN 19, 2016|Huawei Named as a Leader in Convergent Charging by IHS Infonetics|Huawei today announced that IHS had ranked Huawei among the global leaders in its latest Convergent Charging Vendor Scorecard.
NEWS | JAN 14, 2016|Huawei's Innovative 9-Sector Solution Increases Network Capacity to 2.5 Times of 3-Sector's|Recently, Huawei officially releases the innovative 9-sector solution that uses spatial multiplexing to improve network capacity and coverage after successful field trials on networks of operators in Myanmar and Thailand. The trials' results show that the 9-sector solution increases the network capacity to 2.5 times of the original 3-sector site without adding any site or spectrum and efficiently guarantees quality experience in high-traffic urban areas.
NEWS | JAN 14, 2016|Ericsson and Huawei Extend Global Patent Cross License Agreement|Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) and Huawei have agreed on extending their global patent license agreement between the two companies. The agreement includes a cross license that covers patents relating to both companies wireless standard-essential patents (including the GSM, UMTS and LTE cellular standards). Under the agreement, both companies are able to access and implement the other companys standard essential patents and technologies globally.
NEWS | JAN 08, 2016|HKT and Huawei complete world-first HSS/VoLTE network migration|HKT and Huawei have successfully completed the worlds first Home Subscriber Server (HSS)/ Voice over LTE (VoLTE) cutover, paving the way for the full integration of the HKT and CSL mobile core networks.
NEWS | JAN 06, 2016|Huawei Highlights Key Industry Partnerships in Premium Consumer Devices at CES 2016|As part of its announcements at CES 2016, the Huawei Consumer Business Group shared the details of a slate of partnerships that will create a new consumer ecosystem in mobile, bringing together the best in technology, payment, sound and fashion in its newly launched consumer electronic devices. At its press conference today, Huawei showed that through partnerships with the leading companies of certain industries, premium devices and experiences can be created for consumers that extend beyond technology. These partnerships represent Huaweis commitment to working together to create the high-quality devices that reflect the wants and desires of an increasingly savvy and selective consumer market.
NEWS | JAN 06, 2016|Huawei Globally Launches the Mate 8 Smartphone at CES 2016|Today at CES 2016, the Huawei Consumer Business Group globally launched the Huawei Mate 8 smartphone, a productivity-driven device with significantly enhanced power, efficiency and battery life. The Mate 8 continues Huawei's track record of delivering high-end devices that reflect global consumer demand and inspire loyalty in their users.
NEWS | JAN 06, 2016|Huawei and Swarovski’s Gemstone Business collaborate on new HUAWEI WATCH Jewel and Elegant|Today at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) unveiled Jewel and Elegant versions of 2015s premium smartwatch. In collaboration with Swarovskis Gemstone Business, the HUAWEI WATCH Jewel and Elegant mark a new female focus for the company.
NEWS | JAN 05, 2016|Huawei Ships 108 Million Smartphones in 2015, Contributing to Annual Revenue Exceeding $20 Billion USD|Today at CES 2016, Huawei announced strong business results and rapid year-over-year growth for Consumer Business Group (CBG). Huaweis revenue exceeded $20 billion USD in 2015, nearly a 70 percent increase from 2014. Additionally, Huawei shipped 108 million smartphones in 2015|a 44 percent increase from the previous year|becoming the leading Chinese smartphone manufacturer to top the 108 million milestone.
NEWS | JAN 05, 2016|TDC-Huawei Completes first Professional Services Showcase in Europe|TDC-Huawei announced today that it has completed its first Professional Services Showcase in Europe. Based on the best practices developed in the TDC Denmark project, it will open a window in Europe to show Huaweis professional services solution and provide an experience sharing platform for global customers. The platform will offer a view of how Huawei supports operators in building Quality Brand Network, end to end (E2E) customer experience management, operation quality assurance and efficiency improvement.
NEWS | DEC 31, 2015|Huawei FusionInsight – DaaS Solution Is Awarded the Privacy Seal from ePrivacy|The Huawei FusionInsight|Data as a Service (DaaS) solution has recently received the privacy seal "ePrivacyseal" from ePrivacy, a well-known independent company for privacy certification. After four months of detailed and strict evaluations in both technical and legal terms, ePrivacy certified the compliance of the DaaS solution with EU and German data protection laws and regulations. This seal verifies that the Huawei DaaS solution is capable of helping carriers roll out big data applications and monetize data assets, while protecting user privacy through compliance with EU privacy protection standards.
NEWS | DEC 30, 2015|Huawei teams up with Etisalat to launch the 1st 4K Ultra-HD TV service in Middle East & Africa|Huawei today announced that it has partnered with Etisalat to introduce the first 4K Ultra-High Definition (Ultra-HD) TV service in the Middle East|Africa (MEA), which will be available exclusively for Etisalats eLife customers in the UAE starting first quarter of 2016.
NEWS | DEC 28, 2015|Huawei helps STC complete its first demonstration of a new 4.5G in the Middle East, Europe and North Africa|Huawei together with Saudi Telecom Company (STC) announced that it has successfully demonstrated the latest 4.5G (TDD+) Technologies, achieving unprecedented network throughputs. This remarkable achievement will enable STC network to deliver the fastest LTE data rates in the Middle East, Europe and North Africa. STC proved, for the first time, that its network will be capable of delivering tremendously higher user throughput, exceeding 1.59 Gbps, as part of its 4.5G network development.
NEWS | DEC 28, 2015|China Unicom and Huawei Successfully Deploy T-SDN to Promote CUBE-Net 2.0 Strategy|China Unicom's Zhejiang subsidiary together with Huawei have successfully deployed a Transport-software-defined networking (T-SDN) project on the Hangzhou metro transport network to provide bandwidth on demand (BoD) leased lines for government and enterprises.
NEWS | DEC 25, 2015|Huawei Is Evaluated as IMS Market Leader (2015) by IHS Infonetics|IHS Infonetics has ranked Huawei as the world's leading vendor of IMS equipment in its latest ratings scorecard.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2015|Vodafone and Huawei Complete First Successful Commercial Trial of Pre-Standard NB-IoT|Vodafone Group, Huawei, and u-blox have completed the first successful commercial trial of pre-standard NB-IoT (Narrowband Internet of Things). NB-IoT is a new technology that will extend the utilization of Internet of Things (IoT) by making it more efficient to connect objects requiring a long battery life and are located in hard to reach areas to the Internet by ways of mobile connectivity. Low Power Wide Area (LPWA) technology will connect more objects to the Internet of Things. Able to be deployed over existing mobile networks, NB-IoT has strong industry support as an LPWA technology in licensed spectrum.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2015|Huawei Netherlands celebrates 10th anniversary and brings 100 Dutch students to China until 2020|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, announces it will bring at least 100 local students to China within the next 5 years with its Seeds for the Future program. The announcement was done on the occasion of the 10 year anniversary from Huawei in the Netherlands in attendance of the Chinese Ambassador to the Netherlands, Mr. Chen Xu, the Dutch Ambassador to China, Mr. Ron Keller, and T-Mobile Netherlands CEO Mark Klein.
NEWS | DEC 21, 2015|Sunrise Achieves High Scores in Leading Independent Mobile Benchmark Test with Huawei Solutions|Sunrise has been named as the No. 1 for mobile voice telephony for the second time in a row with the legacy circuit switched voice service, according to the most recent mobile benchmark test by independent magazine Connect. This was achieved with Huawei's innovative UMTS voice solutions.
NEWS | DEC 18, 2015|Huawei Small Cell Ranked No.1 in Gartner Magic Quadrant Report|Huawei's Small Cell solutions took the top spot in the Gartner Magic Quadrant of Leaders, beating other vendors by a wide margin in terms of growing market share, continuous innovation, and broad ecosystem building capacity, according to the 2015 Magic Quadrant for Small Cell Equipment, a report published by Gartner, a leading information technology research and advisory company.
NEWS | DEC 18, 2015|Huawei Fellow Dr. Wen Tong: New Theories and Models Inspired Huawei's Revolutionary Application-driven Network|Huawei Fellow Dr. Wen Tong announced today that the company's revolutionary Application-driven Network (ADN) was inspired by three information consumption models that support a variety of applications. What makes ADN innovative is its top-level architecture design: Network layers are vertically integrated from the top down, and optimal network resources required for applications are allocated and controlled from end to end.
NEWS | DEC 17, 2015|Total order value of Huawei Consumer in Western Europe exceeds US$2billion|Huawei announced that the total sales order value of the Consumer Business Group (CBG) has exceeded the US$2 billion mark in Western Europe in 2015. The announcement follows impressive business growth in 2015 in Western Europe, with a significant year-on-year increase of over 45 percent in sales revenue.
NEWS | DEC 17, 2015|Huawei and Vodafone Collaboration Advances Omni-channel Experience Management: from Concept to Execution|Huawei and Vodafone, a leading Communications Service Provider (CSP), presented the results of their collaboration to develop an omni-channel solution framework for CSPs at the recent TM Forum Catalyst InFocus event in Dallas, Texas.
NEWS | DEC 16, 2015|Beltelecom and Huawei sign smart home contract|Huawei today announced that Belarus Telecommunications (Beltelecom) has selected its one-stop smart-home solutions to provide a wealth of smart home business services and applications for users in Belarus. The project calls for reaching 200,000 households, with the first 5000 users|enjoying access to home security intelligence, cloud storage, home automation, home digital life and big data. Gradually these services will be available to all users of Beltelecom.
NEWS | DEC 16, 2015|Ooredoo and Huawei Marine committed to Digital Maldives|Huawei Marine today announced that it has partnered with Ooredoo Maldives to deploy a Nation-wide Fiber Optic Submarine Cable, which will support the countrys broadband policy and give the Maldives the most advanced ICT infrastructure in the SAARC region.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2015|TeliaSonera Norway and Huawei demonstrate the world's first and fastest live 4.5G network|TeliaSonera Norway and Huawei today announced the world's first and fastest LTE Advanced Pro (4.5G) mobile network over a live commercial network in Oslo, Norway. This is an important milestone towards next years expected commercial availability of 4.5G.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2015|Huawei: WRC-15 releases new spectrum for mobile|More than 3300 delegates from 162 countries attended the World Radiocommunication Conference 2015 in Geneva for four weeks in November. Among other important decisions, Governments throughout the world took responsibility for fundamental decisions on the additional spectrum to be made available for IMT systems in the next ten years and beyond. Their complex task involved balancing the interests of various sectors while maximizing socio-economic benefits.
NEWS | DEC 14, 2015|Huawei Launches Innovative Wi-Fi Solution to Deliver High-Quality Signal Coverage and Simplify Device Management|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today launched an innovative Agile Distributed Wi-Fi solution. Adopting a revolutionary three-layer distributed architecture, the solution is designed to improve Wi-Fi signal coverage across many rooms and simplify the management of multiple network access points (APs) in enterprises such as hotels, hospitals, universities and warehouses.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2015|Huawei enters into partnership with the Norwegian Ski Federation|Huawei Technologies Norway has signed a sponsorship contract with the Norwegian Ski Federation - Cross Country. As part of the collaboration, two of the world's top cross country skiers, Therese Johaug and Heidi Weng, will serve as Huawei's brand ambassadors.
NEWS | DEC 11, 2015|Huawei enters into partnership with the Norwegian Ski Federation|Huawei Technologies Norway has signed a sponsorship contract with the Norwegian Ski Federation - Cross Country. As part of the collaboration, two of the world's top cross country skiers, Therese Johaug and Heidi Weng, will serve as Huawei's brand ambassadors.
NEWS | DEC 10, 2015|Huawei Signs MOU under OSSii with Anite|Huawei announced today that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on OSS with Anite. The MOU allows Anite to access Huaweis OSS interfaces under OSSii, ensuring their testing product achieve more accurate test result for Huaweis network infrastructure OSS equipment.
NEWS | DEC 10, 2015|Huawei Unveils the Vision for Application-driven Network to Reinvent Traditional Network Architecture Concepts|Huawei today announced a radical new vision and concept for carrier network architecture - the Application-driven Network (ADN) - at IEEE Globecom 2015 held in San Diego. Developed in the Future Network Theory Lab of Huaweis 2012 Laboratories, the ADN will prioritize network applications and service demands in network design and evolution, unlike traditional approaches that focus on network resource utilization and optimizing network operations.
NEWS | DEC 09, 2015|Huawei Releases its First Smart EasyRET 3.5GHz 8T8R Antenna|Huawei today announced the release of its first smart EasyRET 3.5GHz 8T8R Antenna, which could maximize TDD LTE network capacity and management efficiency for operators.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2015|China Unicom chooses Huawei’s wideband AAU solution|for Xinjiang Mobile Broadband network|Huawei and China Unicom have announced that the Huawei Active Antenna Unit (AAU) solution will be commercially deployed in Chinas Xinjiang Province to build out Xinjiang Unicoms mobile broadband (MBB) network.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2015|Huawei Receives Frost & Sullivan Award for Global Innovation Leadership in Telecom Energy Solutions|Frost|Sullivan has presented its 2015 Global Product Innovation Leadership Award in Telecom Energy Solutions to Huawei in recognition of its product leadership position, valuable efforts in product and technology innovation, and the companys constant and sustainable contribution to the ICT industry. This is the second time Frost|Sullivan has recognized Huaweis efforts in the telecom energy space. In 2014, Frost|Sullivan presented Huawei with its Global Product Leadership Award for the Telecom Energy Market in recognition of its market leadership position. The Frost|Sullivan Product Innovation Leadership Award in Telecom Energy Solutions is widely recognized as The Oscar of the global ICT energy industry. The recognition not only shows that Huaweis Next Generation Energy and Infrastructure Solution is welcomed by global ICT Carriers, but that Huaweis innovative products and solutions deliver value to both customers and the wider society.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2015|Huawei Marine and the WACS Consortium Go Live with Underwater Submarine Cable following 100G Upgrade|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine network provider, today announced that the recently completed 14,530km system upgrade of the West African Cable System (WACS) has gone live after successfully completing a stringent customer certification and testing program.
NEWS | DEC 08, 2015|Huawei Demonstrates at Strata + Hadoop World 2015: Toward Big Data Driven Network|Recently Strata + Hadoop World 2015 was held in Singapore. Attending as gold sponsor, Huawei elaborated how big data is transforming networks and proposed up-to-the-minute big data solutions. Huawei showcased a number of success stories demonstrating its professional and leading role in big data technology.
NEWS | DEC 07, 2015|Huawei Assists Abraxas in Building a Highly Efficient SDN-Ready Cloud Data Centre Network|Huawei and Abraxas, a large information and communications technology (ICT) integrator and Cloud Service Provider (CSP) in Switzerland, announced that Abraxas has successfully built a virtualized multi-tenant cloud data centre network with Huaweis Cloud Fabric Data Centre Network Solution. Thanks to Huaweis SDN-ready Cloud Fabric architecture and fully virtualized data centre network solution, Abraxas has significantly improved its ICT resource utilisation. Huaweis Cloud Fabric helps Abraxas provide highly efficient, flexible, and reliable cloud computing services for enterprises, government agencies, and scientific research institutions in Switzerland and in Europe.
NEWS | DEC 04, 2015|Huawei calls for promoting Africa’s digital economy by building a better connected Africa|Huawei has called for enhanced cooperation between China and Africa in building a better connected world to promote the digital economy in Africa. As the only representative from the Telecom industry present at the 5th Conference of Chinese and African Entrepreneurs, a side event of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), Huawei expressed its continued efforts to building a better connected Africa.
NEWS | DEC 04, 2015|Huawei Bags a ‘Hat-Trick’ at the 2015 Telecom Asia Readers’ Choice & Innovation Awards|Huawei has been honored with the 5G Innovation of the Year, Fixed Broadband Project of the Year and Wireless Network Project of the Year awards at the 2015 Telecom Asia Readers Choice|Innovation Awards. The awards ceremony was held on December 2nd at the Marina Mandarin Hotel.
NEWS | DEC 01, 2015|Huawei and DOCOMO successfully complete LAA field test|Huawei announced today the successful live demonstration of the co-channel coexistence between Licensed-Assisted Access (LAA) and Wi-Fi systems in a dense small cell scenario targeting realistic LAA deployment in an unlicensed band. The live demonstration was conducted jointly with NTT DOCOMO, INC., Japans largest mobile service provider, during the DOCOMO RD Open House 2015 held at the DOCOMO RD Center in Yokosuka Research Park near Yokohama, Japan.
NEWS | NOV 27, 2015|Huawei and Telefonica Reach a Global Agreement to Promote the Enterprises’ Migration to the Cloud|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider and Telefonica Business Solutions, a leading provider of a wide range of integrated communication solutions for the B2B market, have reached a global collaboration agreement to promote the migration of traditional IT services to the cloud.
NEWS | NOV 26, 2015|TMF Best Adoption of Frameworx Award Given to Huawei for IES Catalyst Program|The Infrastructure Enabling System (IES) catalyst program themed "utilizing future mode of operations (FMOs) to establish a model-driven hybrid business orchestration," a joint innovation of Huawei and leading telcos won the Best Adoption of Frameworx award at TMF Catalyst InFocus, a digitization-oriented catalyst program congress held by the TM Forum. The TM Forum is a global industrial organization devoted to digital business transformation, which gives its Best Adoption of Frameworx award to the catalyst program team that most effectively utilizes Frameworx best practices or standards to develop solutions for carriers' business problems.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2015|Huawei Signs MOU with Slovak Ministry of Education,|building a Brighter Talents Future|Norbert Molnr, secretary general of the Slovak Ministry of Education, Science, Research and Sport, visited Huawei's Beijing Research Center today as part of his official trip to China on behalf of his minister. The delegation was invited by Chinese Government on the occasion of China-Central and Eastern Europe Summit|(China +16) that was held in City of Suzhou, China. H.E Mr. Molnar was met by Pang Jimin, President of Huawei's Global Government Affairs Department, for a discussion of Huawei's work with the Slovak government, including developing ICT infrastructure and providing training. They then signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) concerning Huawei's charitable Seeds for the Future program.
NEWS | NOV 25, 2015|Huawei’s Proposed Video MOS Work Item Gains Approval by ITU-T|During the recent ITU-T SG12 Q13/12 and Q14/12 interim meetings held in Berlin Germany, Huaweis proposed video MOS Umbrella WID project (G.vidmos) was adopted. The project will provide video MOS evaluation guidelines to the industry with consideration of different classification of related factors. Concurrently, the modification of ITU-T Rec. P.800.1 "Mean Opinion Score (MOS) terminology" with the inclusion of video MOS standardized definitions, suggested by Huawei delegates, was agreed in the meeting.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2015|Huawei and the Czech Republic Eye Wider Cooperation on Smart Governments and Cities|Today, Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka visited Huawei's Shanghai Research Center during his state visit to China. During the visit, he met with Wang Shengli, Senior Vice President and board member of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., and Lu Yong, President of Huawei's CEE|Nordic European Region. The two parties discussed at length the prospect of strengthening cooperation between Huawei and the Czech Republic on ICT.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2015|Huawei wins Best Network Improvement award and Breakthrough LTE Development award at AfricaCom 2015|Huawei has picked up two of the most prestigious awards, namely: Best Network Improvement award and Breakthrough LTE Development award, at Informas 8th AfricaCom awards dinner which was held at The Waterfront Lookout, Granger Bay Cape Town.
NEWS | NOV 24, 2015|Huawei 400G Router and OTN achieves MEF 100G CE 2.0 certifications|With standards-based Carrier Ethernet 2.0-based networks getting increasingly faster, the MEF today announced that Huaweis 400G router and OTN equipment has achieved 100G CE2.0 certification|supporting the future of high-speed interconnects in the Internet and in the Cloud.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2015|Huawei in Euro Initiative for Multi-domain Infrastructure for 5G Services|Huawei and its European partners are joining forces to pave the way for a unified 5G European infrastructure service market with the 5GEx project launched on October 1.
NEWS | NOV 23, 2015|Huawei Agile Modular Switch Stays Ahead of Competition in SDN by Receiving OpenFlow v1.3 Certification|Huawei today announced that its S12700 agile switch has become the worlds first modular switch to receive OpenFlow v1.3 certification.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2015|Dubai Energy Efficiency Summit: Building a Greener and Better Connected World|Huawei held an Energy Efficiency Summit in Dubai on November 18th and 19th with the theme Maximizing Network Energy Efficiency.|More than 100 energy experts from the worlds leading telecom carriers, including Etisalat, STC, Telefonica, and TI (Telecom Italia), together with representatives from the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) and Frost|Sullivan attended the event and presented keynotes to share insights and experiences on the telecom energy industry.
NEWS | NOV 20, 2015|Huawei and Videxio Interoperability Deliver High Quality Cloud Videoconferencing On-Demand|Huawei today announced that its TE series HD Videoconferencing Endpoint systems are seamlessly interoperable with Videxios cloud video conferencing platform. This will bring customers fast deployment of high-quality videoconferencing with lower bandwidth demands, for a superior on-demand communication experience.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2015|Huawei gives glimpse of the future of ICT in Africa at AfricaCom 2015|Huawei Technologies will be showcasing their latest offerings at AfricaCom 2015, the biggest technology exhibition in Africa, under the theme Open ROADs to a better connected world. The three day event will see the technology giant sharing its end-to-end ICT solutions for building ubiquitous ultra broadband networks, excellent user experience and agile innovation. Huawei will also share insights on ICT industry trends in Africa, and the many ways in which the industry can be improved.
NEWS | NOV 19, 2015|Huawei Showcases UPS Solution for London Underground at Datacenter Dynamics Conference in London|At the Datacenter Dynamics (DCD) Conference held in London, Huawei today showcased for the first time its Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) solution deployed by the London Underground, one of the worlds oldest underground railways. Together with M.J. Quinn Integrated Services Ltd., the strategic partner of Huawei, Huawei helped London Underground implement the UPS solution to enhance the reliability, manageability and fireproof capabilities of its power supply and distribution system, which is critical to the Undergrounds railway operations.
NEWS | NOV 18, 2015|Huawei opens new Ireland|Office|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, has today opened its newest Ireland RD office in the center of Dublins Digital Docklands (IFSC). Over 50 new RD jobs will be created by 2016, bringing the total to 120 Huawei employees working in RD in Ireland.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2015|Huawei Looks Forward to Your Participation in ACP|The Fifth Asia Communications and Photonics Conference (ACP) will be held at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel on November 20-23, 2015. The ACP is Asias largest conference on optical communications, photonics, and related technologies.
NEWS | NOV 17, 2015|Telefónica and Huawei sign a strategic MoU to define the requirements of future 5G networks|Huawei and Telefnica have signed a strategic Memorandum of Understanding to work together on the next generation of mobile networks known as 5G (the 5th generation).
NEWS | NOV 17, 2015|Huawei and Wind River complete NFV integration test, enriching the NFV ecosystem|Huawei and Wind River have announced completion of an integration test for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) network architecture in the multi-vendor environment at the NFV/SDN Open Labs, in Xi'an, China.
NEWS | NOV 13, 2015|Huawei reveals the next generation of quick charging technology|Watt Lab, which belongs to the Central Research Institute at Huawei Technology Corporation Limited, unveiled their new quick charging lithium-ion batteries at the 56th Battery Symposium in Japan. Using next generation technology, these new batteries have achieved a charging speed 10 times faster than that of normal batteries, reaching about 50% capacity in mere minutes.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2015|Etisalat and Huawei Unveil First White Paper in MENA about Future Network of 2020|Etisalat Group - the leading telecoms operator in emerging markets - and Huawei - a leading global ICT solutions provider|have launched a joint White Paper entitled Etisalat|2020 Landscape on the future network architecture framework and its implications on operations and organization. The White Paper willbethe first for the region.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2015|Huawei Shared Vision of Superphone at Huawei Innovation Day Asia|At the Huawei Innovation Day Asia today, the President of Strategy Marketing, Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG), Mr. Shao Yang, shared the evolution of mobile innovation and Huaweis vision of how the next-generation mobile device, the Superphone, will take mankind closer to a world where the physical and digital realities will be further integrated.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2015|Huawei Keynotes and Showcases OPNFV Mobile Networking Innovations|at Inaugural OPNFV Summit|Huawei will be keynoting and showcasing its innovative products and solutions at the first OPNFV (Open Platform for Network Function Virtualization) Summit, held during November 11-12 in San Francisco, Calif. As a Gold Sponsor of the OPNFV Summit, Huawei will highlight its next-generation Central Office and Mobile Network innovations on the OPNFV Platform.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2015|Huawei Announced Robert Lewandowski as Its New Ambassador|Robert Lewandowski, the captain of the Polish National Football Team and one of the top players in the world who plays in Bayern Munich football club, has become the new ambassador of Huawei in the Central- Eastern Europe, Baltic and Scandinavia Region.
NEWS | NOV 12, 2015|Huawei Innovation Day Asia: Build Innovative ICT Ecosystems for a Better Connected Asia|Huawei co-hosted the inaugural Huawei Innovation Day Asia in partnership with the National University of Singapore today. The theme of the event was, Building Innovation Ecosystems for a Better Connected Asia. The forum attracted over 150 regional government officials, as well as experts from universities and research institutions. The attendees were involved in in-depth discussions on how ICT technologies can make Asian cities smarter.
NEWS | NOV 11, 2015|Huawei Showcases Huawei FusionSphere Running SAP HANA® at SAP® TechEd® in Barcelona|Huawei, an SAP partner, today announced it will showcase the Huawei FusionSphere solution running the SAP HANA platform on Huawei hardware at the SAP TechEd conference being held Nov. 10-12 in Barcelona, in booth 7.11.
NEWS | NOV 10, 2015|Huawei Named as a Challenger in 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant for General-Purpose Disk Arrays|Gartner, the world's foremost authority on IT research and advisory, released its October 2015 Magic Quadrant Report for General-Purpose Disk Arrays1. Huawei continues to gain market share and have also been positioned the furthest for execution and vision in the Challengers quadrant, which the company believes is due to its future oriented innovated products.
NEWS | NOV 09, 2015|Huawei Introduces Cyber Security Top 100 Requirements for Selecting Suppliers|Huawei today introduced its cyber security Top 100 requirements that organizations should consider when assessing suppliers capabilities to provide end-to-end cyber security. At the 26th ISF (Information Security Forum) Annual World Congress held in Atlanta, Huawei also showcased its latest security solutions and best practices that help businesses protect against cyber threats in todays connected world.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2015|NB-IOT Forum is Preparing to Take Off|Top telecom industry members China Mobile, China Unicom, Ericsson, Etisalat, the GSMA, GTI, Huawei ,Intel, LG Uplus, Nokia, Qualcomm Incorporated, Telecom Italia, Telefonica and Vodafone have held a preparatory event, chaired by Vodafone, to lay the foundations for a new industry forum aimed at accelerating the ecosystem around Narrow Band Internet of Things (NB-IoT) technology.
NEWS | NOV 06, 2015|Huawei completes industry’s first multi-vendor Wireless Transport SDN Proof of Concept with the Open Networking Foundation (ONF)|Huawei has announced completion of the industrys first multi-vendor Wireless Transport SDN multi-vendor Proof of Concept (PoC) with the Open Networking Foundation (ONF), a non-profit organization dedicated to accelerating adoption of open Software-Defined Networking (SDN). The PoC, held from October 7th to 9th in Madrid, was hosted by Telefonica and IMDEA Networks Institute. Another four wireless transport vendors and one router vendor also joined in the PoC.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2015|Storage Summit 2015, Discussion Centers On Technological Changes Fueling Business Transformations|Storage Summit 2015, themed "Transformation", was held in the purpose-built Shenzhen known as the 'hardware capital' of the world from November 3-4. Huawei and the Storage Networking Industry Association (SNIA) co-hosted the event that gathered together top authorities in the storage field, including Nobel Prize laureate Prof. Albert Fert, IEEE Fellow Prof. David Hung-Chang Du, and other experts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Intel, Baidu, Micron, and SanDisk, among the long list of others.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2015|Huawei Wins CEM and Green Technology Awards at 2015 Informa Telecoms Awards|Huawei won the "Best CEM Award" for their SmartCare Customer Experience Management (CEM) solution at the prestigious Informa Telecoms Global Awards Ceremony. The company also collected the "Green Technology Award" following the successful introduction of an overhead heat pipe refrigeration solution at a Chongqing Mobiles Longzhouwan datacenter.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2015|Huawei this Year Positioned as a Challenger in Gartner's 2015 Magic Quadrant for Operations Support Systems (OSS)|Huawei today announced that global market research group Gartner has recognized the company for the first time as a challenger in the Gartner OSS Magic Quadrant.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2015|Thailand True Selects Huawei as the Partner of International Gateway Network|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, and True Group, Thailands leading fully-services telecom service provider, today jointly announced that True has selected Huawei as the to upgrade its International Gateway Network, and build new routers in Singapore, Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
NEWS | NOV 05, 2015|Huawei Report Says Digital Divide Creates Business Opportunities|Closing the deepening gap between digitally connected populations and those cut off from the Internet is a global challenge, but one that presents ICT companies and other innovators with significant business opportunities, according to a new report by Huawei.
NEWS | NOV 04, 2015|3 Hong Kong and Huawei demonstrate a 4.5G（TDD+） One LTE network|3 Hong Kong, the mobile communications division of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings (HTHKH, stock code: 215), and Huawei, today successfully demonstrated an innovative FDD+TDD and 4.5G（TDD+) network at the Global Mobile Broadband (MBB) Forum 2015 in Hong Kong.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2015|Huawei’s Mobile Broadband 2020 Strategy Outlines Plans for Next Five Years|Huawei announced its MBB 2020 Strategy on the opening day of the 2015 Global Mobile Broadband Forum, outlining a new mobile broadband blueprint for the next five years.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2015|HKT and Huawei demonstrate world-first 4.5G 1Gbps network|HKT and Huawei today successfully demonstrated the worlds first 4.5G (4.5th generation) 1Gbps (Gigabit per second) mobile network at the Global Mobile Broadband Forum 2015 in Hong Kong, continuing to lead the evolution of the 4G LTE standard.
NEWS | NOV 03, 2015|New Report Reveals Economic Benefits of C-Band Spectrum for Mobile Broadband|The use of additional C-band spectrum for mobile broadband in London and Shenzhen alone will generate an additional US$440 million (400 million) of economic benefit whilst protecting the continued operation of incumbent services, according to a new report from the GSMA.
NEWS | NOV 02, 2015|Sichuan Telecom and Huawei Achieve the World's First 4K Live Broadcast for Millions of Viewers|China Telecom Sichuan (Sichuan Telecom) has successfully broadcast the live show Sing Your Chinese Dream in ultra-HD 4K, which is the world's first end-to-end 4K live broadcast to more than 5 million IPTV users, of which 1.2 million are 4K users. The 4K live broadcast offered viewers an immersive experience, allowing them to enjoy lifelike experience at home for the first time. It is a milestone in the history of ultra-HD video development and innovation by Sichuan Telecom and sets a good example of optimal watching experience for the video industry.
NEWS | NOV 02, 2015|Chairperson of the African Union Visits Huawei's Beijing Research Center|On November 1, Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma, Chairperson of the African Union, visited the exhibition hall of Huawei's Beijing Research Center during her stay in China. Chairperson Zuma also met with Gong Xingyuan, Huawei's Senior Vice President, and they exchanged views on Africa's ICT strategy, industry development, and talent nurturing.
NEWS | OCT 30, 2015|Huawei Wins Twice at NetworkWorld Asia Awards|Huawei has been awarded best Data Center Virtualization/Integrated System and High-availability Storage Solution at the 2015 NetworkWorld Asia 2015 Readers Choice Product Excellence Awards which were held in Singapore last night.
NEWS | OCT 29, 2015|Better Connected Smart Grid Enhances Energy Efficiency|Huawei, together with the Ministry of Water, Irrigation and Electricity of Ethiopia, hosted the Ethiopia Day and Huawei Electric Power Summit 2015 themed Better Connected Smart Grid, Greater Energy Efficiency on October 28 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. As one of the key events at the World Energy Executive Assembly and World Energy Leaders Summit 2015 organized by the World Energy Council (WEC), the event gathered industry experts and senior executives of global electric power companies to discuss emerging industry trends and issues. Topics of discussion included improvements in new energy conversion efficiency, reduction of line losses in long-distance transmission, and the utilization of ICT, sensors, measurement, and control technologies to improve the operation and management efficiency of electric power companies.
NEWS | OCT 28, 2015|Huawei Continues to Participate in OpenStack Development, Building an Open Ecosystem|As a Gold Member of the OpenStack Foundation, Huawei participated in the 2015 OpenStack Summit held in Tokyo during October 2730, 2015. During this conference for developers, users, and administrators of OpenStack Cloud Software, Huawei's engineers, together with experts from all over the globe, discussed how to promote OpenStack development and innovation, as well as how to build a cloud computing industry chain. With the open and innovative attributes of OpenStack, developers hope to use it to deploy application scenarios such as virtualization, private cloud, public cloud, hybrid cloud, desktop cloud, and network function virtualization infrastructure for customers, cloudifying their key services and facilitating continuous production innovation.
NEWS | OCT 27, 2015|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces Q3 2015 Performance|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) today announced its performance results for the third quarter of 2015, reporting steady growth in smartphone shipments. Mid-to-high-end devices accounted for 33 percent of those shipments|up seven-percentage-points over the previous quarter.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2015|Emir of Kuwait Expresses Appreciation to Huawei at Meeting with Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping|Huawei's Rotating CEO Guo Ping recently met with the Emir of Kuwait Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah. During the meeting, the Emir gained a deeper understanding of Huawei's development and future plans in Kuwait, and acknowledged the company's local investment and contribution.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2015|3GPP Approves LTE-Advanced Pro as New Marker for LTE Evolution System (4.5G)|3GPP standards has approved a new marker for LTE evolution system (4.5G) namely LTE-Advanced Pro in the PCG#35 meeting on October 22nd, 2015. This now becomes the formal name of 4.5G in standard. The new marker represents a significant step forward in the LTE Evolution compared to the previous marker, namely LTE-Advanced.
NEWS | OCT 26, 2015|Huawei Becomes First Chinese ICT Company to Join the Technology Services Industry Association|Huawei announced that it has become the first Chinese ICT company to join the Technology Services Industry Association (TSIA), the leading association for todays technology services organizations. Being a member of TSIA will help Huawei accelerate its service strategies for customers and partners globally, while providing Huawei with a platform for performance benchmarking and peer networking in enterprise services.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2015|Huawei Elected to 2015 Small Cell Forum Board|Huawei has announced its election to the 2015 Board of the Small Cell Forum, an organization working to drive the wide-scale adoption of small cells and accelerate the delivery of integrated HetNets. The new board comprises operators, small cell vendors, major OEMs and silicon companies. The board is tasked with strengthening and expanding the global presence and influence of small cells.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2015|Huawei Enables CTM to Launch its 4G+ LTE Network in Macau|Companhia de Telecomunicaes de Macau S.A.R.L. (CTM) and Huawei announced that the deployment of a 4G+ LTE network has been successfully completed. The network is now commercially available for customers in Macau. Based on Huaweis industry-leading LTE solution, the new network will bring a world-class 4G mobile communications experience to Macau customers, with faster, more stable high-bandwidth mobile broadband services.
NEWS | OCT 23, 2015|Huawei announces partnership with The University of Manchester to develop graphene-based technologies|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, has today announced it is working with The University of Manchester to explore the uses of graphene to develop the next generation of high-performance technologies in the ICT field. The project which will initially run for two years, will explore ways of using graphenes revolutionary applications in consumer electronics and mobile communication devices.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2015|Huawei to Enrich Digital Business with Launch of Digital inCloud Program|Huawei today unveiled its 2015-2016 Digital inCloud Program which aims to connect global carriers and partners to build up a digital ecosystem. Launched at the 2015 Innovation|Transformation Summit, the solution will facilitate: ease of distribution and trade between consumer, carriers, and partners of digital products/services. This facilitation will be achieved through improved content aggregation, better management of local and global digital content.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2015|Huawei WAN Virtualization Solution Wins Best Virtualization Innovation Award at Broadband World Forum 2015|Huawei today announced that its WAN (Wide Area Network) Virtualization solution has won the Best Virtualization Solution award at the Broadband InfoVision Awards, part of the World Broadband Forum 2015. This represents a consecutive win of the Best Virtualization Solution category award since 2014. Last year the winning solution was Huawei vDC (virtualization Data Center) solution. The win reaffirms Huawei as a leading SDN solutions provider and has received strong recognition across the industry.
NEWS | OCT 22, 2015|Huawei Marine is contracted to build Cameroon-Brazil trans-Atlantic submarine cable to connect Africa to Latin America|Huawei Marine announced today it will construct the Cameroon-Brazil Cable System (CBCS), connecting Africa to Latin America. The project is invested by CamTel and China Unicom; Telefnica will support the initiative providing its international facilities and experience.
NEWS | OCT 21, 2015|Huawei and Fraunhofer SIT Announce the Industry’s First SDN NBI Security Application|At the 2015 SDN|OpenFlow World Congress, Huawei and Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology (Fraunhofer SIT), Germanys largest organization for applied scientific research, jointly demonstrated the industrys first Anti-DDOS security application based on Huaweis SDN controller SNC NBI, showcasing Huaweis comprehensive SDN network security defense solution.
NEWS | OCT 21, 2015|Huawei Helps Etisalat Accelerate Network Transformation and Realize Network Vision of 2020|Huawei, a world-leading information and communications technology (ICT) provider, hosted the NFV Open Cloud Forum held in Dsseldorf, Germany on October 12, 2015. At the Forum, Huawei and Etisalat, a leading operator in the Middle East and Africa, announced they are collaborating to conduct research into the future of networks and develop a white paper on Etisalat 2020 Landscape.
NEWS | OCT 21, 2015|Huawei Won Stratecast | Frost & Sullivan Award for its Market Leadership of the Communications Service Provider Billing Mediation Market|Based on its recent analysis of the communications service provider (CSP) billing marketplace, Stratecast | Frost|Sullivan recognizes Huawei Technologies with the 2015 Stratecast Global Market Leadership Award in CSP Billing for the Mediation Market. This Market Leadership award is given each year by Stratecast to the company that has demonstrated excellence by capturing the largest market share within the global CSP billing mediation segment. Huawei leads this market, and continues to grow at a year-over-year rate much higher than the overall billing mediation market.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2015|Huawei BYOD Alliance Welcomes Partners for a Better Mobile Ecosystem|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today reviewed the business progress of its BYOD Alliance at the Huawei Developers Congress (HDC) 2015 held in Shenzhen, China. Huawei also elaborated the new open capabilities of its BYOD platform, and looked ahead at how Huaweis sales platform would help partners explore the market outside China and continue building a promising BYOD ecosystem.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2015|Huawei and Infosys Jointly Launch Smart Stadium Solution|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, together with Infosys launched today a Smart Stadium Solution. The solution provides high-speed Wi-Fi access and smart services for users in sports stadiums and exhibition centers. The interconnection between Infosys Entertainment Experience Platform and Huaweis Agile Network enables innovative service experiences and operational models.
NEWS | OCT 20, 2015|Huawei Showcases Benefits of Open eLTE Solutions at Inaugural Developer Conference|Today marked the completion of the inaugural Huawei Developers Congress (HDC), which took place at the Shenzhen Universiade Sports Center (Longgang Stadium). The two-day event was themed on a Together, Making Dreams a Reality" ethos outlining Huaweis focus on fostering collaborative solutions that produce positive outcomes for both its enterprise partners and clients alike.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2015|Huawei Unveils 2Tbps Router Line Card|Huawei today launched a 2Tbps router line card on its NE5000E Core Router at Huawei IP GALA 2015. The new line card provides higher port density and meets carriers' requirements for backbone networks in the ultra-broadband era and further consolidates Huawei's leadership in the high-end router field.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2015|Richfit and Huawei Sign Advanced Alliance Cooperation Agreement|Richfit Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Richfit for short) and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. today signed an Advanced Alliance Cooperation Agreement at the Huawei Developers Congress (HDC) 2015 held in Shenzhen, China. The agreement signifies that the two companies have taken their cooperation in the Chinese market and global market of China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), as wells as global energy and government markets to the next level, marking a new beginning of joint solution development, innovation, and collaboration.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2015|Huawei seeks to become the preferred ICT partner of Cyprus|Huawei Senior Vice President Guo Tianming recently met Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades at the company's Shanghai Research Center. The two parties discussed extensively the ICT development in Cyprus.
NEWS | OCT 19, 2015|Huawei Unveils Developer Enablement Plan and Offers US$1 billion to Support Developers|Huawei has used its first Huawei Developers Congress (HDC) to announce its open ICT developer ecosystem strategy and a Development Enabler Plan which will make up to US$1 billion available to support developers.
NEWS | OCT 16, 2015|Huawei fully supports ICT development in Croatia|Today, Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović visited Huawei's exhibition hall at its Beijing Research Center during her visit to China. The president got a glimpse of Huawei's latest technologies, including next-generation broadband networks, agile government and enterprise solutions, and smart wearables.
NEWS | OCT 15, 2015|Huawei Helps MSOs Accelerate Video and Broadband Service Opportunities|At SCTE Cable-Tec Expo 2015, Huawei announced a suite of solutions designed to help global Multi-Service Operators (MSOs) strengthen their competitiveness in the digital era.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2015|Huawei Makes Second Consecutive Appearance on Interbrand's Best Global Brands Ranking|Interbrand, the world's leading brand consultancy, recently released its 2015 Best Global Brands report. Following its debut on the 2014 list as the first mainland Chinese brand, Huawei appears on the 2015 list again.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2015|Huawei Promotes Collaboration to Meet IoT Security Challenges at ESORICS 2015 Conference in Vienna|ESORICS 2015, the 20th European Symposium on Research in Computer Security, was recently held in Vienna, Austria. The global security conference, sponsored by Huawei, is a well-respected forum to promote the exchange of ideas on computer security and encourage links between security researchers and developers from academia, industry and government.
NEWS | OCT 14, 2015|“Europe needs to build its tomorrow today” Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping at FT-ETNO SUMMIT|The strategic focus of the EU's digital economy is to reshape its traditional industries using ICT technologies. This will help Europe maintain its competitive edge, Guo Ping, Deputy Chairman of the Board and Rotating CEO of Huawei Technologies recently said at the FT-ETNO Summit in Brussels.
NEWS | OCT 13, 2015|2015 ITU Broader Way Forum:|Creating a Favorable Industry Ecosystem to Accelerate Digital Transformation|During ITU Telecom World 2015, Huawei co-hosted the Broader Way Forum themed "Accelerating ICT Transformation, Enriching Digital Life" in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union (ITU). The event brought together nearly 200 guests from 35 countries and regions, including high-level government officials, carrier executives, and industry experts. Zou Zhilei, President of Huawei's Carrier BG, gave a keynote speech titled "Accelerating Digitization to Build a Better Connected World". He described the trends and insights from the global connectivity index as well as Huawei's strategic thoughts.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2015|Huawei Successfully Hosts the 1st Best Experience Mobile Backhaul Summit|Huawei and Light Reading successfully hosted the first Best Experience Mobile Backhaul Summit in Bali, Indonesia. The Summit, themed "Leading Experience Forward," attracted many industry leaders, operators, and analysts who discussed in-depth about business transformation and challenges for mobile operators in the LTE era.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2015|Huawei unveils innovations and calls for faster spectrum allocation at ITU Telecom World 2015|At ITU Telecom World 2015 in Budapest, Hungary, today, Huawei shared its theme, "Open ROADS to a Better Connected World". At its booth, Huawei showcased its latest concepts and its global experience in areas such as facilitating the telecom industry's transformation using ICT, spectrum allocation, and building a Better Connected World.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2015|Huawei Named Challenger in 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant|for Wired and Wireless LAN Access Infrastructure|Huawei today announced its placement in the Challengers quadrant of the 2015 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Wired and Wireless LAN Access Infrastructurereport, in what Huawei believes is a clear testament to its market performance and the success of its wired and wireless convergence Agile Campus Network Solution.
NEWS | OCT 12, 2015|Huawei and Partners Bring Ethiopian Railway Network to Life with eLTE Solution|The completion of the Addis Ababa City Light Rail Transit project, a new railway line connecting the Ethiopian capitals urban centers and industrial areas, was jointly announced by Huawei and some of the other organizations behind its development today.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2015|Huawei Completes Virtual CPE PoC Testing with BT|Huawei recently completed Virtual CPE Proof of Concept (PoC) testing with leading telecommunications Operator BT in the BT Research test bed at Adastral Park. BT confirmed that the Huawei vCPE solution formally passed PoC testing in the BT NFV Lab, and has agreed to move forward toward live testing.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2015|Huawei takes Honors for Contribution to 5G Development and Innovation in Heterogeneous Networks at LTE Asia Awards|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today said it has been named winner in two categories at the LTE Asia Awards 2015. The company took first place in the Biggest Contribution to 5G Development category, and jointly won the Best Innovation in Heterogeneous Networks award with StarHub, Singapores first fully integrated info-communications operator. The awards ceremony was held on October 6th at Suntec City, Singapore.
NEWS | OCT 08, 2015|Huawei and DOCOMO Collaboration Succeeds with World’s First|Large-Scale Field Trial of 5G New Radio Access Technology|Huawei has announced the worlds first successful large-scale field trial of 5G new radio access technologies. The field trial was conducted jointly with NTT DOCOMO, Inc., Japans largest mobile service provider. Experts from both companies participated the field trial in an outdoor test site in Chengdu, China. As an on-going field trial, Huawei was able to stream live video of trial activity to its booth at the CEATEC JAPAN 2015 trade show at Makuhari Messe in Chiba.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2015|AIS Implements Huawei SingleSON Solution to Construct a Leading MBB Network in Thailand|Huawei recently announced that it has partnered with Advanced Info Services Plc. (AIS), a leading telecom operator in Thailand, to deploy the SingleSON solution for automatic network optimization with the aim of constructing an enhanced mobile broadband network experience for customers.
NEWS | SEP 29, 2015|Huawei and Accenture Deliver Private Cloud Solution for Guangdong Cable|Huawei and Accenture (NYSE: ACN) have announced an agreement with Guangdong Cable (GCable), one of Chinas largest cable TV operators, to deploy an integrated budget management planning and support system by providing an Enterprise Private Cloud solution under the Huawei-Accenture strategic alliance (HASA).
NEWS | SEP 25, 2015|Huawei Addresses China + 16 CEEC Forum, Promoting Gigaband Development|China + 16 Central and East European Countries (CEEC) 2015 Forum opened today in Bratislava, Slovakia. Huawei participated in the Forum and demonstrated its National Broadband and Smart City solutions promoting gigaband development.
NEWS | SEP 25, 2015|Huawei deepens cooperation with University Medical Center Groningen|Huawei signed a new enhanced cooperation agreement with the University Medical Center Groningen in the Netherlands, deepening cooperation in the area of Smart Healthcare during the 2015 Huawei Cloud Congress.
NEWS | SEP 25, 2015|Criteo chooses Huawei servers to build the biggest private Big Data platform in Europe|Huawei has been chosen by Criteo to supply 700 servers for its new Hadoop Cluster datacenter based in Pantin (Seine St Denis).Following a strict comparative study, Huawei won the tender to provide its "FusionServer RH2288H V3" model, which consists of a large number of high-capacity disks. The RH2288H V3 servers allow better storage density and reduce energy consumption by 10% thanks to innovations in terms of design and heat dissipation.
NEWS | SEP 24, 2015|Huawei and China Mobile jointly promote 4G EVS speech codec, leading mobile to a Full HD Voice future|Huawei and China Mobile jointly demonstrated the next generation Full HD (High Definition) Voice codec standard, Enhanced Voice Services (EVS), operating over a 4G mobile network, at the GSMA Mobile World Congress in Shanghai. The demonstration allowed listeners to experience real-time EVS voice calls; clearly showing how the speech intelligibility of mobile phones using the EVS standard can achieve Full HD Voice quality which perfectly matches with high definition video as experienced at the movies. Its just as if you are speaking face to face.
NEWS | SEP 24, 2015|Huawei Shield Lab Shares Views on 5G Security Opportunities and Challenges|The Huawei Central Research Institutes Shield Lab was recently invited to participate in The 6th Brainstorm Workshop on Wireless 5G, hosted by the Singapore University of Technology and Design. As the only enterprise invited, Huawei gave a keynote speech on the opportunities and challenges of network security and user privacy in 5G communications.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2015|Huawei Releases Network Consolidation Trends White Paper|Huawei today released its latest white paper on business trends in mobile networks: Network Consolidation|Cooperation for Business Success.
NEWS | SEP 23, 2015|First Huawei Developers Congress to be Held in Shenzhen this October|The inaugural Huawei Developers Congress (HDC) will be held in the Shenzhen Universiade Sports Centre (Longgang Stadium) on October 19-20, 2015. More than 2,000 members of the worlds elite developer community will gather together to explore how the open capabilities of Huaweis full ICT product line can be leveraged to build a win-win ecosystem and create infinite business opportunities.
NEWS | SEP 22, 2015|Huawei Launches New Cloud Fabric to Enable Faster Service and Innovation|Huawei has launched its next-generation data center network architecture, Open Cloud Fabric (OCF), at its Huawei Cloud Congress (HCC) 2015 event. Designed for Web Scale IT cloud data centers, the architecture decouples traditionally closed networks across three distinct planes that Huawei can then support through a related suite of speed-enhancing switches, controllers and applications.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2015|Huawei and partners lead NB-IoT standardization|The work item titled NB-IoT (Narrow Band Internet of Things) was approved by 3GPP, representing a major milestone for the Low Power Wide Area (LPWA) market. The new technology will provide extended indoor coverage, support of a massive number of low throughput devices, and ultra-low device cost.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2015|Huawei Releases Service-Driven OceanStor DJ at HCC2015|At HCC2015, Huawei released future-proof OceanStor DJ, a data service platform that can provide data storage and management services on demand through unified management over storage resources, thereby greatly improving operation efficiency in data centers.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2015|Huawei Releases the Industry's First OpenStack-based Cloud Disaster Recovery Solution|At the Huawei Cloud Congress 2015, Huawei released the industry's first OpenStack-based cloud disaster recovery solution. This solution provides disaster recovery capabilities for cloud data centers that employ an open architecture. In addition, the solution helps telecom operators and large-sized enterprises provide disaster recovery services for tenants.
NEWS | SEP 19, 2015|Huawei Launches Enterprise-class Open Cloud Operating System FusionSphere 6.0|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solution provider, launched FusionSphere 6.0 at Huawei Cloud Congress (HCC2015). FusionSphere is an enterprise-class cloud operating system, which helps customers deploy virtual servers, private clouds, public clouds, hybrid clouds, desktop clouds, and NFVI, enabling key services on cloud and facilitating continuous production innovation.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2015|Over 1,000 Global Carriers and ICT Partners Convene at Huawei Cloud Congress 2015|Huawei today hosted its first Global Carrier Keynote at Huawei Cloud Congress 2015 (HCC 2015) in Shanghai. Bringing together top-tier global carriers and industry organizations, the Forum will focus on accelerating digital transformation through open collaboration and innovation. During the conference participants will also gain insights into carrier transformation success stories, as well as the opportunity to visit a large carrier business exhibition hall showcasing live solution demonstrations and innovations from Huawei and its partners.
NEWS | SEP 18, 2015|Huawei Highlights Its Focus on Creating a Cloud Ecosystem at Huawei Cloud Congress 2015|The 5th Huawei Cloud Congress (HCC 2015) opened in Shanghai today. With the theme of Make IT Simple, Make Business Agile, the congress will focus on the idea of Transforming with Cloud, Setting New Benchmark. At the event, Huawei unveiled its latest cloud computing products and solutions. The event attracted more than 10,000 attendees from over 80 countries, including industry experts, opinion leaders, and Huawei partners. Attendees discussed the latest industry trends and explored transformation opportunities and challenges in the cloud era.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|South Pacific Small Cell Summit: Welcoming the More Adequate Telecommunications Network by Using Huawei’s Small Cell Technology|Huawei today conducted a prestigious international conference South Pacific Small Cell Summit 2015. Took place at Crowne Plaza Hotel Jakarta and attended by more than 150 industry leaders and experts from global operators in Indonesia, this event mainly discussed about solutions to improve the network quality of service and user experience by using small cell technology.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|Huawei Helps China Mobile Shanghai Deploy World's First Massive MIMO Solution|China Mobile Shanghai, and The Research Institute of China Mobile together with Huawei, has successfully completed the worlds first Massive MIMO solution deployment (ultra large-scale multi-antenna system) on 4G commercial network, and has passed the commercial test. Throught tests conducted using commercial smartphones, the results indicated a downlink throughput per single cell exceeding 630 Mbps with a single 20 MHz carrier and broke the record for air-interface throughput in commercial LTE-TDD networks. This means operators can now use Massive MIMO to increase spectral efficiency by three to five times, maximizing their current investment on existing sites and spectrum without adding new spectrum.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|China Mobile Partners with Huawei to Start Pilot Deployment of the Cloud-based Core Network|On September 15, 2015, China Mobile started a conference titled "Strategic Cooperation to Create the Future" about pilot deployment of the cloud-based core network in Xian, China. This symbolizes a Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) kick-off in China.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|Huawei Bags a ‘Hat-Trick’ at the DatacenterDynamics Asia Pacific Awards 2015|Huawei has been honored with The Enterprise Data Center, The Internet Data Center and The Modular Deployment awards at the DatacenterDynamics Asia Pacific Awards 2015. This awards ceremony was held on September 16th at the Marina Bay Sands, as part of Singapore Data Center Week.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|Huawei and TBR jointly release “Operator Cloud Transformation” whitepaper|Huawei and TBR, a leading global technology research and advisory firm, have jointly released an Operator Cloud Transformation whitepaper at the 2015 Huawei Global Service Forum. The paper highlights that the data center is becoming the foundation of operator ICT transformation, and that operators should choose an integrator having both CT and IT experience as transformation partner.
NEWS | SEP 17, 2015|Huawei Senior Vice President Bai Limin|Meets Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn|Huawei Senior Vice President Bai Limin met Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn to discuss how to boost ICT development and nurture local talent in Ethiopia.
NEWS | SEP 16, 2015|Huawei wins five-year IT operation contract with Ooredoo Kuwait|Ooredoo Kuwait and Huawei today jointly announced the signing of a Future Mode of Operation (FMO) IT and Network Managed Services contract at the 2015 Huawei Global Service Forum. Under the terms of the contract, Huawei will provide managed IT and network operations, network performance management and service quality improvement for Ooredoo Kuwait. Huawei will provide an ICT Converged Operation solution to manage IT and telecom equipment through converged operation processes, resources and tools. The aim is to help Ooredoo Kuwait achieve digital transformation, operational excellence and to improve the customer experience.
NEWS | SEP 15, 2015|Huawei Hosts the 2nd Global Services Forum to Explore Ways of Re-architecting Operations and Infrastructure for New Growth|Huawei today opened the 2nd Global Services Forum in Zurich, Switzerland. Under the theme of Re-architecting Infrastructure and Operations for New Growth, the two-day event brings together more than 300 guests from leading global carriers, standards organizations, open source communities, analyst institutions, partners, and media outlets. The forum this year is aiming at sharing experiences, innovations, best practices, and thought leadership to advance new growth on the journey of re-architecting operating model and ICT infrastructure in the fast changing digital era.
NEWS | SEP 15, 2015|Huawei partners with University of Surrey consortium on 5G Innovation Centre opening|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today celebrated with the University of Surrey and industry partners the official grand opening of the 5G Innovation Centre (5GIC) at Surrey Universitys campus in Guildford.
NEWS | SEP 14, 2015|Huawei Cloud Congress 2015: New Milestone on Huawei's Cloud Map|Between September 18 and 19, Huawei Cloud Congress 2015 (HCC 2015) will be held in Shanghai Expo Center. Themed Make It Simple, Make Business Agile, the congress will focus on Transforming with Cloud, Setting New Benchmark. At the event over 10,000 attendees, including industry experts and opinion leaders, will discuss the latest trends and explore transformation opportunities and challenges in the cloud era. Huawei will also unveil its new cloud computing products and solutions during HCC.
NEWS | SEP 11, 2015|Huawei launches OSS-as-a-Service to unleash full value of OSS|Huawei today launched its new service-driven offering - OSS-as-a-Service. OSS-as-a-Service is designed to maximize return-on-investment and operation efficiency, increase service agility and unleash the full value of Operation Support System (OSS) for Communications Service Providers (CSPs).
NEWS | SEP 10, 2015|Huawei Unveils Video Experience Measurement System U-vMOS|Huawei today unveiled its video experience evaluation system, U-vMOS, at the Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF). The system measures indicators from sample analysis of subjective video experiences coupled with analysis from related technologies to provide objective assessments on the overall video service experience. It provides a unified standard to measure the user experience which guides operators and the video industry chain in enhancing user satisfaction.
NEWS | SEP 09, 2015|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping meets King of Jordan Abdullah II|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping today met King of Jordan Abdullah II bin al-Hussein in Beijing. The two parties exchanged views on various topics, including the Jordan 2025 Development Plan, national ICT strategy, ICT industry development, and talent cultivation.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2015|Huawei Launches Gigaband Development Strategy Towards a Gigaband World|Huawei announced its Gigaband development strategy today at the Ultra-Broadband Forum 2015. The strategy represents Huawei's commitment to opening ROADS (Real-time, On-demand, All-online, DIY, and Social) to build a better connected world by working with industry players and driving the ultra-broadband industry into the Gigaband era.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2015|Huawei Hosts the 2nd Ultra-Broadband Forum Towards a Gigaband World|Huawei today announced the successful opening of the 2nd Annual Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF) it hosted, which this year was held in Madrid, Spain. This year's UBBF is themed UBB 2020: Towards a Gigaband World. In total, more than 300 people attended the event, including representatives from leading operators, regulatory authorities, video content providers, Smart Home initiatives, industry analysts, and media outlets.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2015|Research and Standardization Challenges in Security and Privacy for the IoT: Outcomes of Huawei’s 2nd Security Advisory Board Workshop|Huawei recently gathered its external Security Advisory Board (SAB) members and internal security experts for the 2nd SAB Workshop, held at Huawei’s French Research Center, which opened its doors just last year. The workshop enabled discussion and investigation of research and standardization challenges in security and privacy for the Internet of Things (IoT). The SAB members were handpicked from seven internationally leading universities (including ENS, ETH Zurich, and the University of Birmingham) to provide strategic advice and technical guidance on security and privacy, and they provided a significant contribution to the workshop.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2015|Huawei’s Video Aggregation Platform comes to Europe following successful launch in Middle East and China|Huawei announced today that its Video Aggregation service, offering the latest regional and international video content and applications from all over the world, will be launched in Europe before the end of this year.
NEWS | SEP 08, 2015|Huawei’s Video Aggregation Platform comes to Europe following successful launch in Middle East and China|Huawei announced today that its Video Aggregation service, offering the latest regional and international video content and applications from all over the world, will be launched in Europe before the end of this year.
NEWS | SEP 06, 2015|Study highlights economic potential of early broadband spectrum access|Early access to spectrum for mobile broadband in the so-called ‘C-Band’ is feasible, and likely to generate significant economic benefits, a recent report reveals. The study demonstrates that spectrum sharing between mobile broadband and current uses such as satellite services could enable larger capacity for networks and higher download speeds.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2015|Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina expects more comprehensive cooperation with Huawei in ICT|On September 2, 2015, Dragan Čović, Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, met with Huawei Senior Vice President Guo Tianmin and visited the exhibition hall at Huawei's Beijing Research Center. The two discussed how to strengthen mutual cooperation in the ICT field.
NEWS | SEP 04, 2015|Huawei Partners with Southern Cross University of Australia to Build ‘Better Connected Education’|Huawei, in partnership with Southern Cross University (SCU), hosted the 2015 Education Summit in Gold Coast, Australia. The two-day event, which commenced on September 3, was themed|“Building a Better Connected Education” and served as a key discussion forum for addressing the trends and challenges shaping the future of education in the digital age.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2015|Egyptian President Sisi meets Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang in Beijing|President Abdul Fattah el-Sisi of Arab Republic of Egypt Today met Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang during his visit to Beijing. Madam Sun congratulates president Sisi for New Suez Canal Opening, they exchanged views on communications network construction, ICT-enabled development projects.
NEWS | SEP 03, 2015|Egyptian President Sisi meets Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang in Beijing|President Abdul Fattah el-Sisi of Arab Republic of Egypt Today met Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang during his visit to Beijing. Madam Sun congratulates president Sisi for New Suez Canal Opening, they exchanged views on communications network construction, ICT-enabled development projects.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Huawei watch goes on sale in Western Europe from today|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) has today officially introduced the new Huawei watch at IFA.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Huawei and Serbia Strengthen Cooperation and Talent Cultivation in ICT|Huawei Senior Vice President Qu Wenchu met with Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić on August 31 at Huawei's Beijing Research Center. President Nikolić visited the center's exhibition hall where he experienced Huawei's latest business developments, R&D and innovation efforts, and leading technologies, especially those in the areas of 5G and the Internet of Things. Qu and President Nikolić discussed how Huawei can get involved in Serbia's national ICT planning to improve mutual cooperation in the ICT field.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Huawei watch goes on sale in Western Europe from today|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) has today officially introduced the new Huawei watch at IFA.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Huawei Unveils the Mate S: A Flagship Smartphone that Revolutionizes Touch Technology|Today in Berlin, the Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled the Huawei Mate S smartphone, the new flagship device in Huawei’s Mate series of mobile products.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Mario Testino and fashion icons Karlie Kloss & Sean O’Pry celebrate launch of the Huawei watch|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) today announced a partnership with the world’s most famous fashion photographer, Mario Testino, to mark the launch of the Huawei watch. The advertising campaign features American supermodel Karlie Kloss and one of the world’s top male models, Sean O’Pry. This is the first time that Huawei has worked with the iconic fashion photographer and supermodels to convey its vision of fashion and technology embracing.
NEWS | SEP 02, 2015|Huawei Leaps in to Provide Stellar Wi-Fi Access for 2015 IAAF World Championships in Athletics|Huawei added to the host of astounding feats achieved at this year’s International Association of Athletics Federations World Championships in Athletics, which was held at the Beijing National Stadium (also known as The Bird’s Nest) from August 22 to 30, 2015.
NEWS | SEP 01, 2015|Huawei Marine Completes Marine Installation of Nigeria-Cameroon Submarine Cable System|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine network provider, today announced that it has completed marine installation of the Nigeria-Cameroon Submarine Cable System (NCSCS) and achieved a major step towards system ready for service in Q4 2015.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2015|Huawei and Vodafone Trial First OTN-based 400G WDM Network in Turkey|Huawei and Vodafone Turkey today announced the successful trial of Turkeys first Optical Transport Network (OTN)-based 400G wavelength-division multiplexing (WDM) network. The trial was conducted between Istanbul and Ankara, the two biggest cities of Turkey, with a combined population of around 30 million people, and covering a total length up to 570km.
NEWS | AUG 31, 2015|Huawei and Vodafone Trial First OTN-based 400G WDM Network in Turkey|Huawei and Vodafone Turkey today announced the successful trial of Turkeys first Optical Transport Network (OTN)-based 400G wavelength-division multiplexing (WDM) network. The trial was conducted between Istanbul and Ankara, the two biggest cities of Turkey, with a combined population of around 30 million people, and covering a total length up to 570km.
NEWS | AUG 29, 2015|Huawei Helps Beijing Mobile and Beijing Unicom Overcome Large Data Traffic Challenges during World Athletics Championships 2015|Huawei today announced that it helped Beijing Mobile and Beijing Unicom, two leading operators in China, to overcome the large traffic challenges and provide smooth, consistent network coverage during the World Athletics Championships 2015 opening ceremony.
NEWS | AUG 28, 2015|Huawei and Intel host second China OpenStack Hackathon|Huawei and Intel today jointly hosted the second China OpenStack Hackathon in Xi'an from August 19 to 21, 2015. Representing the highest-level of developer capabilities within China’s OpenStack community, the event consisted of three sessions: a series of OpenStack technical presentations, a programming marathon, and a visit to Huawei’s NFV/SDN Open Labs. By the end of the three-day collaboration, developers had repaired a total of 118 bugs in the OpenStack Liberty release, tripling the results achieved in the first China OpenStack Hackathon.
NEWS | AUG 27, 2015|Huawei and BT connect customers on UK’s first 'G.Fast' trial|Huawei today announced that it has worked with BT to launch the United Kingdom’s first large-scale customer trial of G.fast. Paving the way for wider G.fast commercial deployment, the trial sees the technology build upon BT’s existing FTTC infrastructure and help the operators deploy ultra-broadband networks more quickly and economically.
NEWS | AUG 26, 2015|Huawei welcomes era of Gigaband at 2nd Ultra-Broadband Forum in Spain|Huawei today announced that the 2nd Ultra-Broadband Forum (UBBF) will run from September 8-9 in Madrid, Spain. Jointly organized with the UN Broadband Commission and Telefonica, this year's UBBF is themed UBB 2020: Towards a Gigaband World, and will bring together industry experts and futurists to discuss the evolution of the ultra-broadband industry, the future landscape of broadband, as well as share their experiences and success stories.
NEWS | AUG 20, 2015|Huawei redefines innovative ICT to enable smart energy at its Global Energy Industry Summit 2015|With energy as a driving force for global economic development, energy companies around the world are encountering a multitude of challenges as they move towards digital transformation. Against this backdrop, Huawei hosted its Global Energy Industry Summit 2015 with the theme of “Innovative ICT Enables Smart Energy” in Almaty, Kazakhstan, from August 19 to 20, 2015. The summit gathered over two hundred attendees to discuss the application of|innovative ICT technologies and solutions in the energy industry to enhance production efficiency, enable scientific management and ensure secure operations.|Attendees included representatives from Huawei’s customers from the energy sector in China, Egypt, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Kazakhstan; global partners such as CNPC Richfit, China Petroleum Pipeline Engineering Corporation (CPPE), Honeywell, ABB, and SAP; senior analysts from the Forrester Research consulting company; as well as experts and media from the global oil and gas industry.
NEWS | AUG 19, 2015|NSW Premier opens Huawei’s National Training and Innovation Centre|The Premier of New South Wales (NSW),|Mike Baird MP, and the Global Rotating CEO of Huawei, Ken Hu, officially opened Huawei’s National Training and Innovation Centre in Chatswood today.
NEWS | AUG 19, 2015|Huawei and Red Hat successfully complete agile integration tests for multiple vendors to accelerate NFV development|uawei and Red Hat recently announced that they have completed the first phase of agilely integrating multiple vendors' MBB architectures by adopting Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) technologies. As part of this partnership, Huawei and Red Hat have successfully conducted high performance LTE tests in heavy-traffic scenarios in NFV/Software-defined networking (SDN) Open Labs in Xi'an, China, to facilitate and accelerate NFV industry development.
NEWS | AUG 18, 2015|Huawei helps China Mobile with commercial VoLTE services debut in Zhejiang|Huawei today announced that China Mobile has rolled out its VoLTE HD voice services in Zhejiang, the first province in China to enter into the VoLTE era. The announcement is the culmination of more than a year’s work by Zhejiang Mobile, with the help of partners including Huawei, to take the lead in China Mobile's VoLTE commercialization process.
NEWS | AUG 18, 2015|China Mobile, together with Huawei and Qualcomm, debut Uplink Data Compression on 4G Network, promoting TDD+ Evolution|China Mobile, along with Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Inc., announced the completion of the industry's first commercial verification of Uplink Data Compression (UDC), a TDD+ technology, on a LTE-TDD commercial network. The results indicate that Uplink Data Compression enable operators to maximize LTE-TDD uplink resources, greatly increasing the number of uplink users and achieving significant compression efficiency for various applications such as WeChat, and other services including web browsing. The use of Uplink Data Compression also greatly reduces the latency of Internet surfing for mobile users particularly in areas where performance is less than satisfactory, e.g. at the edge of coverage.
NEWS | AUG 18, 2015|Huawei P8 wins EISA Consumer Smartphone Award|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, has been awarded “European Consumer Smartphone 2015 – 2016” by the European Imaging and Sound Association (EISA) for its latest flagship smartphone, Huawei P8. This is the third consecutive year that Huawei has been recognized by EISA in this category.
NEWS | AUG 17, 2015|Huawei showcases next-generation high performance computing solutions at the International Supercomputing Conference|Huawei showcased its next-generation high performance computing (HPC) products and solutions at the 2015 International Supercomputing Conference (ISC).
NEWS | AUG 11, 2015|Huawei Marine and the WACS Consortium Complete Upgrades to 11,450 km Submarine Cable System with Advanced 100G Solution|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine network provider, today announced that it has completed upgrades on the section from South Africa to Portugal and Portugal to United Kingdom of the West Africa Cable System (WACS) using Huawei Marine’s leading-edge 100G transmission solution. With the length of the Digital Line Segment (DLS) between South Africa and Portugal beyond 11,450 km, it’s one of the longest 100G submarine links in the industry.
NEWS | AUG 04, 2015|Huawei Marine commences marine installation of Nigeria-Cameroon Submarine Cable System|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine network provider, today announced that it has commenced marine installation of the Nigeria-Cameroon Submarine Cable System (NCSCS).
NEWS | JUL 31, 2015|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping Hosts Turkish President in Beijing|Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, President of the Republic of Turkey, today met Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping on July 30 during an official visit to Beijing.During his trip, President Erdoğan visited Huawei's Beijing Exhibition Center. Then Erdoğan and Guo witnessed the signing of the MoU on 5G cooperation between Huawei and Turkish operator Turkcell.
NEWS | JUL 31, 2015|Huawei wins largest share of China Mobile VoLTE project|Huawei has been awarded the largest share of China Mobile’s VoLTE (CM-IMS phase 2) project, which includes network convergence building and reconstruction across 31 provinces and municipalities in China.
NEWS | JUL 29, 2015|Huawei works towards building a greener and better connected world with Energy Efficiency Summit 2015|Huawei yesterday hosted the Energy Efficiency Summit under the theme “Together Building a Greener and Better Connected World” in Melbourne, Australia. The event provided a platform for the industry to share experiences of telecom energy, discuss industry development trends, and seek and refine key drivers for energy efficiency and sustainable cost reduction in the ICT industry. The summit was attended by more than 60 customers from 15 top operators around the world, with representatives from the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) and analyst firm Frost & Sullivan presenting keynote addresses.
NEWS | JUL 29, 2015|Huawei and Bavaria collaborate on developing the state's digital economy|Huawei Executive Director and President of Products & Solutions Ryan Ding recently met with Ilse Aigner, Deputy Minister-President of Bavaria and Bavarian Minister for Economic Affairs at Huawei's headquarters in Shenzhen.
NEWS | JUL 29, 2015|Huawei wins Computerworld Customer Care ICT Award|Huawei took first prize in the “Physical Infrastructure – Networks” category when Computerworld Singapore recently announced the winners of their ninth Computer Care Awards.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2015|Huawei and NTT DOCOMO successfully demonstrate LAA and Wi-Fi co-existence with Small Cell|At the 5G Tokyo Bay Summit 2015 held at the DOCOMO R&D Center in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Huawei and NTT DOCOMO, INC. performed a live demonstration of the co-channel coexistence between Licensed-Assisted Access (LAA) and Wi-Fi systems with Small Cell.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2015|Huawei establishes an open platform ecosystem for finance industry with eleven world’s leading banking IT solution providers|Huawei recently announced that it will partner with eleven of the world’s leading banking IT solution providers to establish an open platform ecosystem for the finance industry at Huawei’s Global Financial Services Industry (FSI) Summit 2015 in Beijing, China.
NEWS | JUL 27, 2015|Huawei partners with Siemens Convergence Creators to deploy South Africa’s first GSM-R System|Huawei today announced that it will partner with Siemens Convergence Creators to deploy South Africa’s first Global System for Mobile Communication – Railway (GSM-R) solution for the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa (PRASA).
NEWS | JUL 24, 2015|Huawei promotes open platform architecture development at 3rd annual Global Financial Services Industry Summit|Huawei has hosted the 3rd annual Global Financial Services Industry (FSI) Summit under the theme of “Reshaping IT to Drive Business Transformation” in Beijing, China.
NEWS | JUL 24, 2015|Huawei Helps Fiji Become an ICT Hub for the South Pacific Island Nations|Huawei Senior Vice President Qu Wenchu recently met with Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama of Fiji at the company's Beijing Research Center. After discussing Fiji's ICT development direction in depth, they jointly formulated a strategic plan to build Fiji into an ICT hub for the South Pacific island nations. They also exchanged views on topics such as constructing Fiji national data center and talent training center.
NEWS | JUL 24, 2015|Huawei Tech. Investment Co., Limited|and|Huawei Technologies Coöperatief U.A. announce USD1.5 Billion Global 5 Year Syndicated Term Loan Facility|Huawei Tech. Investment Co., Limited and Huawei Technologies Coöperatief U.A., subsidiaries of Huawei Investment & Holding Co., Ltd., ("Huawei") recently announced the successful signing of its USD1.5 Billion 5-year term loan facility (the "Facility"). Huawei's 2015 global syndicated facility garnered participation from 25 banks in 5 continents.
NEWS | JUL 23, 2015|Huawei becomes The Open Group’s latest platinum member|Huawei today announced that it is now a Platinum Member of The Open Group organization, joining other IT industry leaders with this status such as Capgemini, HP, IBM, Oracle, and Philips.
NEWS | JUL 23, 2015|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces 1H 2015 Financial Performance|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced the business performance of its Consumer Business Group (BG) for the first half of 2015. Huawei Consumer BG continued to record remarkable business growth in 1H 2015 with the total revenue reaching a total of USD 9.09 billion, showing an impressive year-on-year increase of 69%. The unit’s sales income represented 32% of the total income of parent company Huawei Technologies, up from 24% in the same period last year.
NEWS | JUL 23, 2015|Huawei helps Vodafone Italy launch the world's first Cloud-based VoLTE network|Huawei has helped leading operator Vodafone launch the world's first cloud-based VoLTE commercial network in Italy.
NEWS | JUL 20, 2015|Huawei opens Astro to boost Spark
NEWS | JUL 20, 2015|Huawei Announces 2015 H1 Business Results|Huawei today announced its business results for the first half of 2015. In the first six months of this year, Huawei generated sales revenue of CNY175.9 billion, an increase of 30% year-on-year. Meanwhile, the company’s operating margin was 18%.
NEWS | JUL 17, 2015|Huawei Executive Board Director Jason Li Meets South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa|On an official visit to China, South African Deputy President Matamela Cyril Ramaphosa met with Huawei executive board director Jason Li at the company's headquarters in Shenzhen. Ramaphosa and Li discussed extensively how both parties can construct ICT infrastructure and develop talent in South Africa.
NEWS | JUL 17, 2015|Huawei Consumer Business Group and Shanghai GM announce partnership to promote interconnected cars|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) and Shanghai General Motors (GM) have announced their partnership to promote the development of interconnected cars.
NEWS | JUL 16, 2015|Huawei hosts entertainment unlimited summit|Huawei hosted the Entertainment Unlimited Summit named “Video Everywhere” in Shanghai, which was co-sponsored by the Global System for Mobile Communications Association (GSMA).
NEWS | JUL 16, 2015|iDA study ranks Huawei and M1 4G network as the best in Singapore|Huawei today announced that a survey by the Infocomm Development Authority (iDA) of Singapore has ranked M1 Limiteds (M1) 4G network the best in the country.
NEWS | JUL 16, 2015|Huawei Rotating CEO Ken Hu Says 5G Needs Deep Innovation|Huawei Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO Ken Hu said deeper and more rapid innovation is needed to develop 5G technology, as virtual reality and other applications create the need for greater network bandwidth.
NEWS | JUL 02, 2015|Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang Hosts President of Singapore in Beijing|Singaporean President Tony Tan met with Huawei Chairwoman Sun Yafang on July 2, during an official visit to China to mark the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and Singapore.
NEWS | JUN 24, 2015|Huawei awarded “Biggest Contribution to 5G Development” at 5G World Summit 2015|Huawei was awarded Biggest Contribution to 5G Development at 5G World Summit 2015 for its continuous innovation and industry contributions to 5G particularly for the new air interface technologies.
NEWS | JUN 17, 2015|Huawei Reveals a Highly Efficient Big Data Appliance Prototype, NÜWA, at Spark Summit 2015|Huawei has unveiled a prototype of its all-in-one big data appliance named NÜWA at the 2015 Spark Summit in San Francisco. The NÜWA appliance integrates computing and storage and has a unique design which focuses on the co-optimization of hardware and software components. Current test results show that NÜWA improves price-performance ratio over 10 times when compared with the open-source Spark running on standard computer servers, providing a truly innovative big data solution for customers with higher performance requirements.
NEWS | JUN 17, 2015|Huawei Collaborates with Tsinghua University and the Chinese Academy of Sciences to Win a Total of Five Awards in the Low-Power Image Recognition Challenge|Huawei recently participated and won several awards in the Low-Power Image Recognition Challenge (LPIRC) at the Design Automation Conference 2015 (DAC 2015) held in San Francisco, working with two different partners to discover the best technology in both image recognition and energy conservation. Partnering with Tsinghua University, the joint team won the “Champion” and “Third” awards, and also the “highest accuracy with low energy” award. In the same challenge Huawei also partnered with the Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CASIA) and won the “Second” and “least energy with good accuracy” awards. The Huawei joint teams both demonstrated strong technical solutions delivering high image recognition accuracy with low energy consumption. The aim of this challenge is to develop future cognitive computing systems.
NEWS | JUN 16, 2015|Huawei Showcases Latest NFV Solutions at NFV World Congress in San Jose, Ushering in Industry Transformation with SoftCOM|Huawei will attend the NFV World Congress, to be held in San Jose, USA from May 5 to May 8. At the conference, Huawei will share its experience of how its SoftCOM strategy leverages network functions virtualization (NFV), software-defined networking (SDN), and cloud computing to build ICT convergence networks. Relying on its NFV/SDN Open Labs, Huawei actively works with Standardization organizations, open source communities, and partners across the industry chain to build an open and mature ecosystem and assist carriers in steering towards ICT transformation.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2015|Huawei Helps Europe Speed up Digitization through Innovation|Huawei will work with European partners to develop an industry ecosystem that accelerates the pace of digitization, Chief Strategy Marketing Officer William Xu told participants at Huawei’s third Europe Innovation Day event.
NEWS | JUN 15, 2015|Huawei and Vodafone Global Enterprise establish Strategic Alliance to jointly explore global enterprise market|Huawei today announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to establish a new Strategic Alliance with Vodafone Global Enterprise focusing on the enterprise market in Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa. Under the agreement, the companies will work together on the development of a variety of enterprise communications and technology services for global enterprise customers.
NEWS | JUN 12, 2015|Huawei CPS Successfully Passed atsec Compliance Assessment and Was Validated by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council|Huawei today announced that its Cloud Payment Solution (CPS) has successfully passed the compliance assessment conducted by atsec China, which is an independent, standards-based information technology security services company. The assessment is based on the on the Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA DSS) v3.0 established by the Payment Card Industry (PCI), and the assessment was validated by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC).
NEWS | JUN 11, 2015|Huawei Launches Its Next-Generation Enterprise Storage Systems,|the OceanStor 18000 V3 Series, at Huawei Cloud Congress Europe 2015|Huawei today released its next-generation enterprise storage system, the OceanStor 18000 V3 series, at Huawei Cloud Congress Europe 2015. Comprising two models, the OceanStor 18500 V3 and the OceanStor 18800 V3, the series sets a new benchmark for high-end storage systems, delivering 99.9999% solution availability, superior performance, and future-oriented cloud-ready convergence features to support enterprises in attaining consistent service availability.
NEWS | JUN 11, 2015|Huawei and China Merchant Bank Jointly Presented With The Inaugural President’s Award for Outstanding Innovation at TM Forum Live! 2015|Huawei and China Merchant Bank (CMB) were jointly presented with the first President’s Award for Outstanding Innovation in Digital Business at TM Forum Live! 2015. The two companies were recognized for their excellent application of the TM Forum’s best practices in digital business, including digitally transforming the CMB customer experience using Huawei’s Big Data Analysis Solution.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2015|Huawei Drives the Future of Cloud Computing Technology at Huawei Cloud Congress (HCC) Europe 2015|Data management professionals and industry analysts will catch a glimpse of the future of cloud computing technology this week at Huawei Cloud Congress (HCC) Europe 2015 from June 10-11 in Munich. Having grown from 2,000 to 11,000 participants, HCC Europe’s parent conference, Huawei Cloud Congress Global, is one of the largest ICT events in Asia Pacific, and the European offshoot is designed to drive dialogue on ICT trends and transformation in the Europe region.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2015|Huawei Becomes First Global ICT Vendor to Acquire Certification for Spark Distribution|Huawei announced today that it has become the first global ICT vendor to obtain certification by Databricks for distribution of the Spark open source big data processing framework. Leveraging the high-performance big data computing architecture and the complete ecosystem of Spark, as well as Huawei's knowledge and experience in the ICT field, the Huawei-Spark platform will help customers realize the full potential of data assets to drive agile operation and business innovation.
NEWS | JUN 10, 2015|Huawei Presented With Two Excellence Awards at the TM Forum 2015 in the Open Digital Ecosystem and Agile Business & IT Categories|At the TM Forum Live, Huawei was presented with the Agile Business & IT Solution Provider Excellence Award for its Business Support System (BSS) and the Open Digital Ecosystem Excellence Award for its Digital inCloud solution. The Excellence Awards recognize the global leaders in communications and acknowledge the contributions and innovations they make in the ICT industry.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2015|Huawei and BT Recognized for Innovation in Optical Transmission at GTB Innovation Awards 2015|Huawei and BT were jointly presented the Fixed Network Infrastructure Innovation Award at the recent Global Telecoms Business (GTB) Innovation Awards 2015. This award is recognition for their close collaboration on the world's first 3-Tbit/s real-time super-channel technological innovation and deployment of 400G OTN on BT's live Belfast-Dublin WDM network.
NEWS | JUN 09, 2015|Huawei Receives Vendor of the Year at Asia Communication Awards for the 5 Consecutive Years|Huawei today announced that it has received the Vendor of the Year at the prestigious 2015 Asia Communication Awards, recognising the company’s outstanding industry performance across Asia Pacific. This is the 5th consecutive year that Huawei has won the award.
NEWS | JUN 05, 2015|Huawei Showcases Storage Consolidation Solution at TMF 2015|Huawei showcased its Storage Consolidation Solution at the TeleManagement Forum (TMF) 2015 in Nice, France. Designed for telecom operators' operational and maintenance support systems, this solution aims to help operators consolidate their storage systems and easily cope with challenges arising from the digital transformation process.
NEWS | JUN 05, 2015|Huawei to train 1,000 African students over the next five years through the Seeds for the Future program|Huawei announced today at the World Economic Forum on Africa 2015, that over the next five years, 1,000 students across Africa will join its technical training program, Seeds for the Future, building ICT capabilities in Africa.
NEWS | JUN 05, 2015|Huawei Builds Greener Supply Chain|Huawei reduced its global carbon emissions in 2014 after membership in its green supplier program expanded five-fold last year, according to the company’s 2014 Sustainability Report.
NEWS | JUN 04, 2015|Huawei Hosts Quality Brand Mobile Broadband Summit 2015 to Drive Development of Best-In-Class Mobile Broadband Networks|Huawei recently hosted its Quality Brand Mobile Broadband (MBB) Summit 2015 in Istanbul from May 21-22, bringing together 36 telecom operators from across the Middle East and North Africa, Central Asia, and Russia to exchange ideas on building best-in-class MBB networks.
NEWS | JUN 03, 2015|Huawei Hosts “Open Digital Telco Summit” at TM Forum Live! 2015|Huawei hosted its “Open Digital Telco Summit” in Nice, France during TM Forum Live! 2015, discussing telecom digitization with global carriers.
NEWS | JUN 03, 2015|Huawei Completes Full-Scale Modernization of TDC Mobile Network in Denmark|Huawei announced today that it has completed a full-scale modernization of leading Danish operator TDC’s mobile network in Denmark. The enhanced mobile network, upgraded using Huawei’s value centric Managed Services and Quality Brand MBB solutions, was recently evaluated as “best-in-class for a customer experience mobile network” by Teknologisk Institut (the Danish Technological Institute).
NEWS | MAY 27, 2015|Huawei Showcases Diverse Application Potential of|Huawei showcased the diverse application potential of its innovative Huawei eLTE Solution at Critical Communication World Congress (CCW) 2015 in Barcelona. With an exhibition space of more than 300 square meters, Huawei demonstrated the application potential of its Huawei eLTE Solution in six specific areas including: rapid deployment, safe city, digital traffic, electric power, eLTE industry alliance achievements, and eLTE industry cooperation.
NEWS | MAY 23, 2015|Huawei's Rotating CEO Ken Hu: “Innovation Is a Marathon”|Companies seeking to innovate successfully must commit to a long-term program of investment in research and development, Huawei’s Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO Ken Hu said in a speech about Huawei’s innovation philosophy at the 14th Munich Economic Summit.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2015|Huawei Unveils Advance Persistent Threat Big Data Security Solution at Huawei Network Congress 2015 - Huawei Press Center|Huawei unveiled its Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) Big Data Security Solution at Huawei Network Congress (HNC) 2015. The solution protects the core information assets of enterprises from APT attacks by providing fully-connected network protection covering cloud, pipe, and devices. The solution leverages Huawei’s FireHunter series of security sandbox products, Cybersecurity Intelligent System (CIS), and the USG6000V series of software firewall products. Huawei also announced plans to form a Cloud Clean Alliance (CCA) to provide real-time cleaning services for denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks worldwide and protect bandwidth availability of links and continuity of data center services.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2015|Huawei Launches Agile Campus 3.0 Solutions to Enable High Quality Wireless Access Experience - Huawei Press Center|Huawei launched its Agile Campus 3.0 Solutions, with key highlights including the Ethernet Network Processor (ENP)-based Wi-Fi acceleration algorithm, Wi-Fi soft handover technology, 2.5GE access switch and 100GE line card, and Agile Mobile Solution. Huawei’s Agile Campus 3.0 products and solutions are based on innovative agile wireless access technologies and are developed to enhance wireless campus network access quality, which ultimately improves mobile access user experience.
NEWS | MAY 22, 2015|Huawei Wins Best Cloud/Virtualised IMS Solution Award|Huawei today announced that its Cloud IP Multimedia System (IMS) has won the Best Cloud/Virtualised IMS Solution award at the 2015 IMS World Forum hosted by Informa in Amsterdam. Huawei Cloud IMS was recognized for its technical innovation, industrial contributions and commercial capabilities.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Business-Driven ICT Infrastructure Enables the New Industrial Revolution|Huawei today introduced its guiding principle for the enterprise market, to build Business-driven ICT Infrastructure (BDII), at the annual Huawei Network Conference (HNC) 2015 in Beijing. With a focus on customer-centric innovation, Huawei’s BDII guiding principle will lead the way to the next industrial revolution by facilitating in-depth integration of ICT infrastructure development and software applications, development of innovative infrastructure, and joint innovation efforts with partners.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Huawei Showcases its LTE Capabilities at Southeast Asia LTE Summit 2015|Huawei today hosted the Huawei Southeast Asia LTE Summit 2015 in Bangkok, Thailand. Building on the success of last year’s inaugural event, the Summit held in Bangkok this year has brought together industry experts and key players to share the latest and best deployment practices and to address the opportunities and challenges as we enter the LTE era.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Huawei and Puppet Labs Collaborate to Enhance Software-defined Networking Efficiency of Huawei’s Networking Devices|Huawei and leading IT automation software provider Puppet Labs today announced its partnership at Huawei Network Congress 2015 to bring the benefits of automating network configurations to organizations in Europe and Asia Pacific. Through the collaboration, Puppet will be the first configuration management solution for Huawei’s networking devices, setting a standard for software defined networking (SDN). Beginning with the CloudEngine series of switches, Huawei will pre-install Puppet Enterprise agents on CloudEngine devices and will develop Puppet modules on the NetDev standard, allowing customers to bring their Huawei networking devices under Puppet Enterprise control from day one. Joint customers will be able to extend Puppet’s management throughout the datacenter, making SDN and its benefits a reality.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Huawei Launches World’s First Software-defined Networking-based Agile Internet of Things Solution|Huawei today launched the world’s first software-defined networking (SDN)-based Agile Internet of Things (IoT) Solution at Huawei Network Congress (HNC) 2015. The solution enables objects to connect to the Internet and communicate with each other, while enabling convenient network management and maintenance.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Huawei Introduces Cloud Fabric 3.0 Architecture|Huawei today launched its cloud service-oriented Cloud Fabric 3.0 Architecture at the HNC2015 (Huawei Network Congress 2015). By leveraging software defined network (SDN) technology, it supports fast service innovation and implementation, and efficient ICT resource integration in the cloud computing era.
NEWS | MAY 21, 2015|Huawei Introduces Vision and Spectrum Strategy for ‘5G/4.5G’ and ‘National Broadband Network (NBN) 2020’ at International Regulatory Conference (IRC) 2015|Huawei today introduced its vision and spectrum strategy for 5G/4.5G and National Broadband Network (NBN) 2020 at the International Regulatory Conference 2015 (IRC 2015). Outlining its strategy in these areas for the first time to regulators, Huawei appealed for the acceleration of a global spectrum release and lower spectrum price to build a better connected world.
NEWS | MAY 20, 2015|Huawei’s Agile Network 3.0 Architecture Launched at Huawei Network Congress 2015|Huawei today announced the launch of its Agile Network 3.0 Architecture at the HNC2015 (Huawei Network Congress 2015) themed “From Agility to Imagination” that is taking place in Beijing. As a highlight of the latest version of Huawei’s Agile Network architecture, Huawei introduced its Agile Internet of Things (IoT) solution. The solution enables enterprises to build an agile IoT infrastructure to capture infinite business possibilities and to realize the digitization of areas such as production, manufacturing and logistics.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2015|Huawei Hosts 3rd eLTE Industry Alliance Summit to Promote Better Connected Industries through Open Cooperation|Huawei held the 3rd eLTE Industry Alliance Summit in Barcelona, bringing together more than 200 industry peers to share insights on current trends around global broadband trunking standards, the alliance’s latest developments and cooperation achievements, as well as eLTE solutions best practices from Huawei and partners across various industries. Able to satisfy the high-level network requirements of the industry, eLTE solutions have been widely applied to areas of safe city, Industry 4.0 intelligent factories, and intelligent transportation, helping governments and enterprise customers to continuously improve their operating efficiency and security.
NEWS | MAY 19, 2015|Huawei and Qualcomm Jointly Complete CAT11-based 3CC CA+256QAM Test, Reaching 600 Mbit/s Rate|Huawei and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, have jointly announced the completion of tests using LTE CAT11 terminals. By aggregating three component carriers (3CC CA) with 256QAM (Quadrature Amplitude Modulation) on each of the carriers, a CAT11 terminal can reach a downlink peak data rate of up to 600 Mbit/s.
NEWS | MAY 18, 2015|Huawei Hosts Huawei Network Congress 2015 to Showcase the Next Strategies in Internet of Things|Huawei will host its third network congress on May 20-21, 2015, showcasing the latest Internet of Things technologies, strategies, products and capabilities. Themed ‘From Agilty to Imagination’ the event focuses on agile networking and taking the IoT to the next level.
NEWS | MAY 15, 2015|Huawei becomes GridAKL’s foundation partner|Huawei has become the foundation partner of Auckland’s thriving innovation hub – GridAKL – in a $1 million sponsorship which is expected to help Auckland’s most innovative ICT and digital companies make inroads into international markets.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2015|Huawei Launches New European Research Institute to Gear up European Digitization Progress and Achieve Win-Win Outcomes|Huawei announced the launch of its European Research Institute (ERI) at the European Business Summit (EBS) in Brussels. The Institute, to be located in Leuven, Belgium, represents a milestone in the company’s global innovation strategy. As a key tool for helping Europe achieve the targets of its Digital Agenda, the Institute will further strengthen the ongoing partnership between Huawei and European industry.
NEWS | MAY 14, 2015|4.5G Broadband to Open Digital World and Expand Middle East Business Opportunities|Huawei has charted a roadmap for the telecom industry’s evolution towards 4.5G broadband services, specifying the core drivers, technologies and business impact of such services.
NEWS | MAY 07, 2015|Huawei Releases Industry’s First Hexa-band Miniature Antenna on 700/850-900MHz for Asia Pacific|Huawei held its Antenna & AAU (Active Antenna Unit) Summit for Asia Pacific regional carriers in Bali. The event was attended by major carriers, government officials and industry analysts in the region. At the summit, Huawei released its newest hexa-band antenna on 700/850-900MHz. This antenna supports easy deployment, higher capacity, better performance, faster capacity expansion towards future evolution and other features, allowing carriers to rapidly deploy higher capacity LTE networks.
NEWS | MAY 06, 2015|Huawei Named as a Strong Performer in Private Cloud Market in China in a Forrester Report|Huawei was named as a strong performer in The Forrester Wave™: Private Cloud Solutions in China, Q1 2015 report released by Forrester Research Inc, one of the most influential research and advisory firms in the world. Huawei was the only local vendor ranked as a strong performer and its score for market presence was the highest of all vendors evaluated.
NEWS | MAY 06, 2015|Huawei and Vodafone Achieve a Major M-PESA Milestone in Kenya|Huawei today announced that its Mobile Money Platform is now supporting the M-PESA service for Safaricom, the leading mobile network operator in Kenya (part owned by Vodafone). Migrating the service to Huawei’s open, secure, flexible and high performing Mobile Money Platform has realized the goal of “bringing M-PESA home” to Safaricom users. The platform migrated all 12.8 million active subscribers overnight, and will facilitate Safaricom rapidly improving functionality for users across the country.
NEWS | MAY 06, 2015|Huawei and Ovum Release Joint Quality Mobile Broadband Network whitepaper|Huawei and Ovum, a leading global technology research and advisory firm, have jointly released a Quality Mobile Broadband Network whitepaper. Focused on achieving quality network, the paper highlights the requirements for mobile network operators to attract and retain subscribers.
NEWS | MAY 06, 2015|Huawei Launches the World's First Fully Outdoor WDM Product|Huawei released the world's first fully outdoor Wavelength-division multiplexing (WDM) product at a TDC and Huawei joint global WDM/OTN seminar themed ‘Simplified Network for a Better Experience’. Used for carrying LTE/LTE-A common public radio interface (CPRI) services, the product helps drive down the costs of network deployment and operations and maintenance, realizing the baseband unit cloud (BBU Cloud).
NEWS | MAY 06, 2015|Huawei VideoEverywhere Wins the ‘Best Multiscreen TV Solution’ at TV Connect 2015|Huawei today announced that its VideoEverywhere Solution has won the ‘Best Multiscreen TV Solution’ award at the TV Connect 2015 industry awards ceremony held in London.
NEWS | APR 30, 2015|Huawei Defines ‘Carrier-grade 4K’ Standard in Video Domain|Huawei presented its ‘Carrier-grade 4K’ standard in video domain, during the annual video exhibition, TV Connect, held in London. The solution delivers an improved video service to users through sharper colors, increased bandwidth, and excellent operations. Huawei also presented a number of other video solutions and facilitated discussions with industry experts.
NEWS | APR 30, 2015|Huawei Releases its Managed Services ‘Seven Key Elements for Operation Quality Improvement’|Huawei released its Managed Services ‘Seven Key Elements for Operation Quality Improvement’ at the Quality Excellence for Suppliers of Telecommunications (QuEST) Forum Best Practices Conference in Tokyo, Japan. The QuEST Forum created and developed the TL9000 standard, a Quality Management System designed to meet the supply chain quality requirements of the international telecommunications industry. Since 2013, global leading operators and Managed Services vendors, including Huawei have collaborated with QuEST Forum to commence research into Managed Services standards.
NEWS | APR 29, 2015|Huawei Holds Safe City Africa Summit in Cape Town|Huawei today held its Safe City Africa Summit in Cape Town as a platform for more than 400 industry members to share insights, development trends and global success stories on public safety in cities and discuss ways to reduce crimes and reinforce city safety through establishing innovative ICT safe city solutions.
NEWS | APR 28, 2015|North Rhine-Westphalia Governor Hannelore Kraft visits Huawei headquarters in Shenzhen|North Rhine-Westphalia Governor Hannelore Kraft today visited Huawei headquarters and met Huawei's Rotating CEO Guo Ping. Mr. Guo briefed Governor Kraft on Huawei's development in North Rhine-Westphalia and other regions in Germany. Last year, Huawei constructed new office buildings in Dusseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia to serve as the headquarters of Huawei Germany and the West European Regional Office. In addition, Huawei has set up R&D departments and testing labs there.
NEWS | APR 24, 2015|Huawei Unveils New FireHunter Sandbox Product at RSA 2015|Huawei unveiled its new FireHunter Sandbox at RSA Conference 2015. Designed to prevent APT attacks, the New FireHunter Sandbox can detect and report up to 99.5 percent of "grey" traffic in real-time through local and cloud techniques such as reputation scanning, real-time behavior analysis, and big data correlation. This controls the spread of unknown threats and minimizes the loss of key and sensitive information of large enterprises such as financial institutions, government agencies, and energy companies.
NEWS | APR 23, 2015|HKT and Huawei Demonstrate World’s First LTE-A 450Mbps Solution in Hong Kong|HKT and Huawei have successfully demonstrated the world’s first IP-RAN based LTE-A 450Mbps solution (3 FDD Carrier Aggregation) in Hong Kong.
NEWS | APR 22, 2015|Digital Business Distribution On Demand through Huawei Digital inCloud|Huawei today showcased its Digital inCloud at the 2015 Global Analyst Summit, held at the headquarters in Shenzhen, China. Huawei Digital inCloud is dedicated to connecting global partners and carriers for a digital ecosystem.
NEWS | APR 22, 2015|Huawei Launches Service Strategy|At the Huawei Global Analyst Summit 2015, Huawei’s Rotating and Acting CEO, Eric Xu, announced the revised focus of Huawei’s service strategy. In recent times, services have become critical for Huawei as they continue to support customers and partners to address their future transformation challenges. It is also critical for Huawei to maintain sustainable growth. Huawei has redefined its Carrier business strategy, shifting its focus from "product driven + service as support" to "product driven + service driven." Huawei’s Enterprise business follows the "being integrated" strategy, focusing on enabling partners. Huawei’s Consumer business is shifting its service focus from after-sales service, to a full, lifecycle user experience.
NEWS | APR 22, 2015|Huawei Unveils The Industry’s Largest Petabit Core Router|Huawei today unveiled its NetEngine 9000 (NE9000) core router platform at its 2015 Global Analyst Summit held at the headquarters in Shenzhen. The petabit core router has the largest capacity in the industry, meeting operators' demands of delivering next-generation data center (DC) -centric networks.Due to the rapid growth of Ultra High Definition (UHD) videos and migration to cloud services, operators will face new challenges to backbone networks. New services such as FBB 4K/8K and MBB 2K video require large backbone bandwidth and a reduction of network delays. It is predicted that 70 percent of services will be deployed onto the cloud by 2020, resulting in DCs gradually becoming the core of networks. DC-centric interconnection will be the trend of the next-generation backbone networks.
NEWS | APR 21, 2015|Innovative ICT Infrastructure is the Foundation of a Better Connected Smart Nation|Huawei today shared its vision and strategy for creating digitally connected smart societies through innovative ICT infrastructure across smart devices that generate and display information; networks that transmit and distribute it; and computing devices that process and store it.
NEWS | APR 21, 2015|Huawei Presents Methodology For Maximizing Energy Efficiency to Reduce Carrier Network Energy Consumption|Huawei today introduced its "Maximizing Energy Efficiency" methodology at the 7th Annual Telecoms Energy Efficiency Forum. Aimed at supporting carriers with assessing how energy efficient their networks are, the methodology reviews all components and the communications system. The findings from the assessment support carriers with improving network energy efficiency and building green Mobile Broadband (MBB) networks.
NEWS | APR 21, 2015|Huawei Pursues Open Cooperation to Build a Robust Ecosystem for a Better Connected World|Huawei today convened the 12th Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China. The event brought together over 400 analysts and business leaders from the telecom, Internet, and finance industries.
NEWS | APR 20, 2015|Huawei Launches 2015 Global Connectivity Index for countries: Benchmarking digital economy transformation|Huawei today released its 2015 Global Connectivity Index (GCI) for countries, benchmarking 50 economies in terms of connectivity, ICT usage, and digital transformation, providing an indicator of which countries are best poised for development and growth, and an ICT planning reference for policymakers looking to embrace the digital economy.
NEWS | APR 20, 2015|Huawei D-CCAP Participates in CableLabs® DOCSIS® 3.1 Interoperability Tests|Huawei today announced that its Distributed Converged Cable Access Platform (D-CCAP) has participated the first and second rounds of CableLabs DOCSIS 3.1 interoperability testing.
NEWS | APR 17, 2015|Huawei Named Founding member of Global Cybersecurity Forum|Huawei was today named a founding member of the Global Forum on Cyber Expertise (GFCE). The Forum brings together a range of private companies, intergovernmental organisations and governments for the first time to work towards ensuring a "free, open and secure cyberspace".
NEWS | APR 16, 2015|Huawei Showcases FusionEngine Solution at 2015 Intel Developer Forum|Huawei demonstrated its COTS server FusionEngine solution at the 2015 Intel Developer Forum. FusionEngine is designed for next generation carrier-grade COTS (Commercial Off-the-shelf) servers, which uses Huawei’s advanced IT and CT technology to secure extremely high bandwidth, low latency and high reliability.
NEWS | APR 16, 2015|Huawei Maxes Creativity with the Global Launch of the Huawei P8max Smartphone|Two years ago Huawei launched the legendary P6 in London, the first in a series of smart, beautiful devices; today the company returns to London to unveil its two latest P Series smartphones – the user-friendly Huawei P8 and the Huawei P8max. The Huawei P8max builds on the beauty of the P8 design and features a larger 6.8-inch screen, longer battery life and a unique camera with light tracing for any environment. It also inherits the elegant ID design and extraordinary light painting capabilities of the P series devices. Together, these features deliver more fun to consumers through Huawei’s new large screen smartphones.
NEWS | APR 16, 2015|Huawei Launches the P8; A Revolutionary Light Painting Smartphone that Breaks New Ground in Fashionology by Combining the Best of Fashion and Technology|Today at the legendary Old Billingsgate, London’s renowned arts and fashion venue, Huawei Consumer Business Group unveiled the Huawei P8 smartphone, a perfect blend of technology, sleek styling, usability and revolutionary low light camera features. The Huawei P8 is the culmination of the P series’ rich heritage of style and functionality, and is once again redefining the smartphone market with easy-to-use features that amaze and inspire consumers.
NEWS | APR 16, 2015|Huawei SmartPCC Wins Best Traffic Management Solution Award|Huawei today announced that its SmartPCC solution has won the "Best Traffic Management Solution” award at the Policy Control Forum 2015 held in Berlin, Germany. The award represents Huawei’s achievements in the traffic management and Policy and Charging Control (PCC) field.
NEWS | APR 10, 2015|Huawei Releases Industry’s First Multi-band Miniature Antenna on 700/850-900 MHz|Huawei released the industry’s first multi-band miniature antenna supporting 700/850-900MHz at the Latin American LTE Forum today. This antenna adopts the innovative “Dipole Reuse” technology and supports various bands ranging from 700/850-900/1800MHz to AWS/PCS/2100/2600MHz.|Among these, the quad-band antenna (690-803/824-960/2*1710-2690MHz) boasts a reduction in width of 40% compared to a traditional antenna. Besides its compact size, the multi-band miniature antenna also supports remote independent adjustment in electrical down-tilt allowing it to achieve the best network performance, meeting the demands of multi-band network deployments and providing a better mobile service for subscribers.
NEWS | APR 10, 2015|Huawei and China Mobile Unveil Industry's First Software-Defined Clock Network Solution|Huawei and China Mobile today announced the release of the industry's first Software-defined Clock Network solution which provides centralized control and automated management of clock synchronization networks. The new solution is a breakthrough in the field of software-defined mobile backhaul innovation, and further promotes the commercialization of Software-defined Networking (SDN) technology.
NEWS | APR 08, 2015|Huawei proposed DC 3.0 architecture of future data center to meet the requirement of real-time data processing in big data era|Huawei announced that its Data Center 3.0 (DC 3.0) architecture, based on resource pooling, software-defined and all-optical interconnecting technologies, will be able to significantly improve the real-time data processing ability of data centers in the future. By using flexible real-time software and hardware resource allocation, there is a significant improvement in the ability of data centers to process data. In addition, the DC 3.0 architecture has a flat configuration and the capability to expand flexibly, providing customers with a leading, cost-effective data center solution.
NEWS | APR 07, 2015|Huawei help Zambia with Information and Communication Technologies Development|President of the Republic of Zambia H.E. Edgar Lungu met with Huawei Senior Vice President Mr. Dafeng Li during the visit in Shenzhen, and had a discussion about Zambian Information and Communications Technologies development in the meeting.
NEWS | APR 03, 2015|Innovative ICT to a Better Connected Smart City: Huawei and PT. PINS Indonesia collaborate to develop Smart City Project in Bandung|Huawei announced the signing of a Cooperation Agreement with PT. PINS Indonesia for providing infrastructure building using Huawei Smart City solutions during Indonesian-China Economic Corporation Forum, held in Beijing, China. The agreement was signed between Mustapa Wangsaatmadja, CEO of PT. PINS Indonesia and Sheng Kai, CEO of PT Huawei Tech Investment. Joko Widodo, Indonesian President, and Li Keqiang, Premier of China, also joined the forum.
NEWS | APR 03, 2015|Huawei Launches "Seeds for the Future" Program in Uganda to Develop Local ICT Talent|Mr. Li Dafeng, Huawei Senior Vice President met with H.E. Yoweri Museveni, President of the Republic of Uganda, during his official visit to Beijing, during which they discussed Huawei’s business trajectory and future development prospects in Uganda. At the meeting, Huawei announced that it will launch its "Seeds for the Future" program in Uganda with the aim of developing young local ICT talent.
NEWS | APR 02, 2015|Huawei Listed as World’s Fastest-Growing Data Center Switch Provider in 2014 with Annual Growth Rate of 137 Percent|Huawei was recently listed as the fastest-growing provider in the global data center switch market in 2014 with growth rate of 137 percent, according to IDC Worldwide Quarterly Datacenter Networks Qview (2014Q4). The report shows that the global data center switch sales revenue with 10% growth year-on-year. Huawei's sales revenue in 2014Q4 accounted for 4 percent of the global total sales revenue for that quarter and jumping from No. 7 in 2013Q4 to No. 4 in 2014Q4.
NEWS | APR 01, 2015|Huawei Launches Industry's First NGFW Card for Data Center Switches, Achieving Deep Network and Security Convergence|Huawei today launched its Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) card on CE12800 series switches, the industry's first NGFW card developed for data center switches. This NGFW card has been tested and verified by The Tolly Group, a world-renowned test authority. The test results demonstrate that the NGFW card delivers industry-leading performance and a high throughput of up to 40 Gbps, supports up to 12 million concurrent connections, and can be virtualized into 1,024 virtual firewalls.
NEWS | MAR 31, 2015|Huawei Reports CNY288.2 billion Revenue for 2014|Huawei today released the KPMG-audited annual report which showed record revenue and net profit for 2014, with financial performance up strongly across all business areas.
NEWS | MAR 30, 2015|Huawei and Telefonica Complete Industry's First SDN-based IP/Optical Field Trial|Huawei and Telefonica today announced the successful completion of a joint field trial for a Software-defined Networking (SDN)-based IP and Optical Synergy with Telefonica Peru subsidiary.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2015|Notice on Rotating CEO Tenure|Mr. Eric Xu will be the Acting CEO of Huawei from April 1st 2015 to September 30th 2015, according to Huawei Rotating CEO system. The rotating CEO acts as the primary person of the company’s operations and crisis management during his tenure and is responsible for convening and chairing the meetings of Board of Directors’ Executive Committee and the company’s Executive Management Team.
NEWS | MAR 28, 2015|Huawei Supports Netherlands in Building Digital Infrastructure|Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei met Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte today at Huawei's global headquarters to discuss ICT infrastructure construction and innovation.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2015|Huawei Contributes to ITU-T Release of G.fast Broadband Standard|ITU-T this month has approved the G.fast broadband standard, a milestone in G.fast standardization. Huawei has played a pivotal role in the development of G.fast standards and products since 2011, which are designed to deliver access speeds of up to 1 Gbit/s over copper wires, enabling rapid deployment of ultra-broadband networks without the need for fiber to the home (FTTH) deployment.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2015|TeliaSonera Trials G.FAST- Fast Copper Access Solution from Huawei|Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced that TeliaSonera , as the first network operator in the Nordics, have performed a field trial using Huawei G.fast copper broadband technology, at FTTH. The solution has been deployed in the TeliaSonera network in Helsinki, Finland with live customers and delivering real services. With this technology, TeliaSonera can provide up to 1Gbps bandwidth to customers connected by the legacy copper network, improving the customer experience of fixed network broadband services such as TV.
NEWS | MAR 27, 2015|IBM InfoSphere DataStage Achieves Huawei Ready™ Certification for Big Data Compatibility|Huawei today announced that IBM InfoSphere DataStage has achieved Huawei Ready™ status after the successful integration and interoperability test with Huawei FusionInsight. The result indicates that there is minimal risk involved for customers to deploy big data solutions by integrating Huawei FusionInsight with IBM InfoSphere DataStage.
NEWS | MAR 26, 2015|Huawei eLTE Solution Receives ‘Best Integration of Future Broadband with TETRA’ Award at the 2015 International TETRA Awards|Huawei’s eLTE Solution received the “Best Integration of Future Broadband with TETRA” Award at the 2015 International TETRA Awards hosted by The TETRA and Critical Communications Association (TCCA) and TETRA. The award, one of the most authoritative and credible of its kind, was presented to Huawei in recognition of its outstanding contribution to the development and evolution of the trunking industry.
NEWS | MAR 25, 2015|Huawei Introduces Short-Reach Optical Interconnect Module Prototype at the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exposition (OFC)|Huawei today unveiled its short-reach optical interconnect module prototype at the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exposition (OFC). A testament to Huawei’s leading contributions in the optical network space, the 400 Gbit/s (16 x 25 Gbit/s) module is an industry-leading high-density, low-power-consumption, and large-capacity short-reach optical interconnect system, designed to meet the requirements of optical interfaces for large capacity switching nodes on all-optical networks.
NEWS | MAR 25, 2015|Huawei Unveils Industry’s First ONOS-based IP + Optical and Transport SDN Applications|Huawei today demonstrated its IP + optical and Transport Software-Defined Networking (TSDN) applications at the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exposition (OFC).
NEWS | MAR 25, 2015|Innovating New Opportunities – Huawei eSDK Interacts with Developers at CeBIT 2015|Huawei demonstrated its unified open platform, Ecosystem Software Development Kit (eSDK) at CeBIT, held in Hannover, Germany. Huawei eSDK helps developers focus on innovation through providing flexible development tools and technical support, with the intention of simplifying the implementation process. Huawei strives to provide a one-stop Information and Communications Technology (ICT) infrastructure aimed at constructing a fully connected world.
NEWS | MAR 25, 2015|Huawei and China Unicom Sign Smart Home Gateway Development Agreement|Huawei today announced it has signed a Smart Home Gateway Joint Development Framework Agreement with the Research Institute of China United Network Communications Limited (China Unicom). This marks the joint effort of both parties to innovate new techniques and standards for smart home networks, further enhancing their cooperation in this field.
NEWS | MAR 24, 2015|Huawei and China Mobile Demonstrate Cloudified VoLTE Solution and Mobile Network Architecture|Huawei has announced the successful demonstration of its virtualized VoLTE solution designed specifically to support China Mobile’s Cloudified VoLTE service. The demonstration is an extension of Huawei’s ongoing partnership with China Mobile and reinforces the innovation and vision of NFV as the next-generation core network architecture.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2015|Huawei Joined Hands with SAP to Provide the Large-Scale SAP HANA Single-Cluster Solution|Huawei unveiled its FusionCube for SAP HANA solution for Sinopec at the CeBIT 2015 today.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2015|Huawei Released World’s First 3.5GHz TDD LTE-A Device|Huawei released the world’s first 3.5GHz LTE-A device at the 3.5GHz LTE TDD Roundtable at MWC 2015. The device, supporting 2 carrier aggregation with total downlink speed of over 220Mbps, represents the end-to-end commercialization of LTE-A at the 3.5GHz band.
NEWS | MAR 20, 2015|Huawei and NXP to Jointly Explore the Industry 4.0 Market|Huawei and NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) decided to jointly explore the Chinese and global Industry 4.0 market at the Industry 4.0 Roundtable held at Hanover CeBIT 2015. Through technical cooperation and joint innovation, the two companies will create an open, robust and secure Industry 4.0 Information and Communication Technology platform. The joint decision marks a milestone in the partnership between the two companies.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2015|Huawei Enterprise and Grupogiro Power Solutions Announce Partnership|Huawei announced its partnership with Grupogiro Power Solutions at CeBIT 2015 in Hannover. The partnership has been officially confirmed at a signing ceremony in the presence of executives from both companies. Spain-based Grupogiro will be the important specializing in UPS (Uninterruptible Power System) and Modular DC channel partner in Spain for Huawei Enterprise. The synergy of the partnership based on Grupogiro’s 17 years integration and service experience in this industry and Huawei’s commitment to becoming the energy efficient ICT infrastructure expert, will be of great benefit to data center, government, medical care customers and so on.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2015|Dawn of 4K Era: Huawei Announces World's Fastest Scale-Out Storage System OceanStor 9000|Huawei announced OceanStor 9000, the world's fastest scale-out storage system aimed specifically at the media industry at CeBIT 2015 in Hanover. This system will help customers build media production platforms that easily meet the challenges encountered during the evolution to 4K.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2015|Huawei Unveils Next Generation Anti-Distributed Denial-of-Service Solution to Provide Best-in-Class Security for European Customers at CeBIT 2015|Huawei unveiled its latest terabit Next Generation Anti-Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) Solution at CeBIT 2015 in Hannover, Germany. The solution facilitates the prevention of DDoS attacks to improve the security and competitive edge of enterprises across the Europe region. Together with Black Lotus, a leading managed security service provider (MSSP) in the United States, Huawei also announced additional services offered through its DDoS cloud scrubbing center in Amsterdam, the first facility of its kind in Europe.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2015|Huawei Demonstrated Its Active-Active Data Center Solution in CeBIT 2015|Huawei demonstrated its Active-Active Data Center Solution in CeBIT 2015. The industry-leading six-level active-active architecture and active-active array feature provided in the solution signal the continuous technological innovation of Huawei in the data center disaster recovery (DR) field to provide stable, convenient service continuity solutions for customers.
NEWS | MAR 19, 2015|Huawei Holds Its CIO Forum at CeBIT 2015Business-Driven Innovative ICT, Building A Better Connected World|Huawei held the Huawei CIO Forum under the theme "Business-Driven Innovative ICT, Building A Better Connected World" at CeBIT 2015. The forum attracted over 260 CIOs, partners, and analysts from more than 50 countries.
NEWS | MAR 18, 2015|CeBIT 2015 Live: VfL Wolfsburg and Huawei Announced Partnership Chinese Player Gives Cheer for Huawei Booth|Huawei and the Bundesliga football club VfL Wolfsburg announced they reached a technical partnership at this year's CeBIT, one of the world's top ICT events, held in Hannover, Germany.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2015|Huawei Launches Four New ICT Solutions at CeBIT 2015|Huawei today shared its vision of "Innovative ICT, Building a Better Connected World" and introduced its latest innovative ICT solutions at CeBIT 2015 in Hannover, Germany. Huawei believes that innovative ICT is the cornerstone for building a better connected world and strives to be the best ICT partner for enterprises by providing them with innovative, differentiated, cutting-edge, and easy-to-integrate ICT infrastructure products and solutions.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2015|Huawei and Fraunhofer ESK Sign Memorandum of Understanding to Cooperate on Industry 4.0 at CeBIT 2015|Huawei today announced the company signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with research institute Fraunhofer ESK at CeBIT 2015 to jointly develop innovative ICT technologies for Industry 4.0 by leveraging their combined R&D expertise on industrial access router and 4G wireless technologies.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2015|Huawei, in Cooperation with SAP, Establishes Joint Innovation Efforts to Deepen Cooperation in Industry 4.0 and the Internet of Things|Huawei today announced at the CeBIT 2015 trade show an expanded partnership with SAP to establish joint innovation efforts in Shenzhen, China and Walldorf, Germany. The SAP-Huawei joint innovation efforts will focus on establishing a technical collaboration between SAP and Huawei, and to advance research on the Internet of Things (IoT) to provide new solutions to market.
NEWS | MAR 17, 2015|Huawei Promotes Open Innovation and Win-win Collaborations at CeBIT 2015|Huawei showcased its latest innovations at CeBIT, the world’s largest ICT trade fair taking place from March 16 to 20, 2015. With the theme of "Innovative ICT to Build a Better Connected World", Huawei will participate in various activities around the event including keynote speeches and panel discussions with partners and other industry peers. It will also host a press conference, its CIO forum, and signing ceremonies with customers and partners. Huawei’s booth is located at B30 of Hall 2 and a dedicated exhibition zone is available at China’s central pavilion in Hall 6.
NEWS | MAR 12, 2015|Huawei, ONOS, and ONF to Build Open and Innovative SDN Ecosystem Catering for Operators|Huawei, together with Open Network Operating System (ONOS) and Open Networking Foundation (ONF), announced that together they will build an open and innovative SDN industry ecosystem, enabling operators to accelerate SDN commercialization.
NEWS | MAR 11, 2015|Huawei Fast Access Terminal Box Wins Product Design Award at the 2015 iF Product Design Awards|Huawei today announced that its Fast Access Terminal Box was awarded the iF Product Design Award|at the 2015 International Forum Design Awards.
NEWS | MAR 11, 2015|Government of Equatorial Guinea Awards Huawei Marine Contract to Build Ceiba-2 Submarine Cable System|Huawei Marine Networks Co. Ltd. (Huawei Marine), a global submarine cable networks provider, today announced that it has been awarded a contract by the government of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea to build the Ceiba-2 Submarine Cable System expected to be ready for service in the fourth quarter of 2015.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2015|Huawei, Belgian Deputy PM De Croo Discuss ICT Growth,|Innovation at MWC|Vincent Peng, President of Global Sales at Huawei's Carrier Network Business Group and Belgian Deputy Prime Minister, Alexander De Croo, met at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona today to discuss the Belgian technology industry and Huawei's contributions to it.
NEWS | MAR 06, 2015|Huawei Releases Industry’s First High Throughput Router (HTR) for an Optimized Ultra-HD Video Experience|Huawei recently announced the release of the industry's first high throughput router (HTR) aimed at providing users with an unprecedented ultra-HD video experience. The HTR could sense congestion status in real-time, intelligently predict available bandwidth, automatically adjust network throughput, and provide differentiated service acceleration. HTR significantly improves effective E2E transmission bandwidth and minimizes the negative impact of packet loss and delay on video service quality, providing operators with a competitive solution for MBB 2K and FBB 4K video service development. Demonstrating Huawei's leading role and innovation capabilities in the IP field, the HTR is a major breakthrough for ultra-HD video service backhaul.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2015|Huawei Proposes New "Maximizing Network Energy Efficiency" Methodology to Building Greener MBB Networks for a Better Connected World|Huawei today proposed its "Maximizing Network Energy Efficiency" methodology at MWC 2015, a new approach to help customers improve network energy efficiency and maximize operation profit.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2015|Huawei launched Exclusive ICT Leaders Roundtable at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona|Huawei today announced that partnered with Heavy Reading, the research division of Light Reading, to host an exclusive ICT Leaders Roundtable on March 1, 2015 at the Renaissance Barcelona Fira Hotel in Barcelona, in conjunction with Mobile World Congress.
NEWS | MAR 05, 2015|Huawei's CloudMall Solution Shines at MWC 2015|Huawei's innovative CloudMall data center solution debuts at Mobile World Congress 2015 (MWC 2015).
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei Collaborates with Intel to Deliver Public Cloud Solutions for Global Telecom Carriers|Huawei today announced a strategic collaboration with Intel to deliver public cloud solutions for global telecoms carriers. By combining Intel’s technology leadership with Huawei’s expertise in global information and communications technology solutions, the companies aim to provide carriers with greater access to high-quality, innovative technologies and solutions as they deliver carrier grade cloud services to enterprises and individual end-users.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Globe is the World’s First Operator to Adopt Huawei’s SingleSON Solution|During the 2015 Mobile World Congress, the leading Philippine telecommunications company Globe Telecom and Huawei held a signing ceremony in Barcelona, confirming the largest SingleSON commercial contract, as well as reaching a consensus on a series of joint innovations and establishing a long-term strategic partnership. Globe Telecom is the first operator in the world to deploy Huawei’s SingleSON (self-organizing network) solution, empowering the telco to effectively manage a more complex network and deliver on its promise of providing a superior customer experience.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei and Baidu Sign MOU to Jointly Develop Indoor Mobile Internet|Huawei, a leading global ICT solutions provider, along with Baidu, the world's leading integrated Internet service provider, formally signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) of cooperation between Huawei's innovative solution "Service Anchor" and "Baidu map". With the joint development of technical innovation, product development, and marketing promotion, Huawei and Baidu|plan to accelerate the development of mobile internet applications based on indoor scenarios. To further explore the new business models for launching ICT convergence solutions across the industry achieving a win-win strategic cooperation.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei Redefines Hybrid Clouds with FusionCloud Omni Solution|Huawei today announced its hybrid cloud solution FusionCloud Omni for global telecom carriers. The FusionCloud Omni solution enables interconnection among heterogeneous public and private clouds on a single hybrid cloud. It also allows smooth deployment and migration of service applications on cloud platforms offered by different vendors, thereby freeing customers from vendor lock-in.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei Digital inCloud: building the world's best digital service aggregation and distribution platform|Huawei today launched Digital inCloud, digital service aggregation and distribution platform, which aims to help telcos to accelerate digital service transformation.
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei strengthens its UK Board with appointment of three Non-Executive Directors|Huawei strengthens its UK Board with appointment of three Non-Executive Directors
NEWS | MAR 04, 2015|Huawei Wins Best Mobile Infrastructure with its LampSite Solution at Mobile World Congress 2015|Huawei today announces that it wins Best Mobile Infrastructure Award at Mobile World Congress 2015 with its innovative LampSite solution.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2015|Huawei Rotating CEO Ken Hu Outlines Vision for Super-Connected 5G World at MWC 2015|Fifth-generation mobile technology (5G) will become critical infrastructure in a super-connected world, Ken Hu, Huawei's Deputy Chairman and Rotating CEO, said today, emphasizing that the 5G vision can be realized only through open cross-industry collaboration, intensive technological innovation, and evolutionary commercialization strategies.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2015|Huawei Named First Chinese Member Of Association Of|Strategic Alliance Professionals|Huawei today became the first China-headquartered company to gain membership of the Association of Strategic Alliance Professionals (ASAP), the world’s leading industry association dedicated to the practice of alliance management worldwide.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2015|Huawei and Giesecke & Devrient Signed an MOU on a Global Partnership for Connectivity E2E Solutions and Services for the Growing Internet of ThingsM2M Market|Huawei and Giesecke & Devrient signed an Alliance Collaboration agreement to promote global connectivity management services.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2015|Huawei Showcases Latest ICT Innovations for Building Better Smart Cities at MWC 2015|Huawei showcased its latest innovations at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) held in Barcelona from March 2 to 5, 2015. Together with global customers and industry partners, Huawei shared its insights and latest updates on smart cities, fostering an open digital ecosystem, and enhancing user experience in a better connected world.
NEWS | MAR 03, 2015|Leading Mobile Broadband Experience with Digital Indoor Coverage|Huawei will release its next-generation indoor mobile broadband (MBB) solution LampSite2.0 at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015. This solution provides a number of breakthrough features, including support for on-demand concurrence of triple frequencies, software-based bands, and dynamic capacity provisioning. It aims at providing users with excellent MBB experience anywhere anytime.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2015|Huawei and DOCOMO Ink Agreement on Joint Trial of Key 5G Technologies|Huawei today announced that it has signed an agreement with NTT DOCOMO, INC., Japan’s largest mobile service provider, to commence field trials of 5G Radio Access Technologies (RAT) associated with new air-interface technologies. The joint trials will be conducted in outdoor environments in both China and Japan, and aim to validate foundational radio access technologies for emerging 5G mobile networks. Huawei’s agreement with DOCOMO highlights the company’s key role in spearheading innovation in the 5G space in collaboration with industry leaders around the world.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2015|Huawei unveils new data center servers and cloud storage technologies at MWC2015|Huawei today unveiled its FusionServer X6800 high-density data center server and FusionServer RH8100 service-critical server, both designed to support data center consolidation and optimization among telecoms carriers. The company also demonstrated its OceanStor OS and storage products to help carriers embrace cloud computing and converged storage to make business agile.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2015|Huawei reveals the future of communications at MWC 2015 with "MirrorSys", a full field communication system|Huawei is introducing, for the first time, a new concept called "full field communication" at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015, revealing a prototype called MirrorSys. This system is designed to meet the extreme limits of human visual and auditory perception in a full-size, high definition, real-time sharing and communication system. MirrorSys transmits all of the captured light, sound, and atmosphere to a user in what Huawei calls ‘full field communication’. The initial MirrorSys prototype has a seamless 220 inch diagonal display with a resolution that matches human visual acuity at a distance of 2.4 meters.
NEWS | MAR 02, 2015|Huawei Shares Its Vision for the ICT Industry, Open ROADS to a Better Connected World, at Mobile World Congress 2015|Huawei today announced that it will share its vision for the ICT industry, "Open ROADS to a Better Connected World", through various platforms including conferences, exhibitions and dialogues, at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015 in Barcelona. Encompassing five fundamental characteristics of the ultimate user experiences in a fully connected world - Real-time, On-demand, All-online, DIY, and Social – Huawei’s "ROADS" vision will foster an open industry ecosystem that enables agile innovations, advancing the ICT industry as well as all social sectors in the digital age. At MWC, Huawei will also showcase SoftCOM, its future-oriented telecom network architecture designed to reshape the telecom industry in terms of architecture, network, operation and service to help operators achieve successful business transformation.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2015|Huawei jointly with HKT to demonstrate Inter-site CA for Ubiquitous LTE-A Coverage|Huawei and HKT, Hong Kong’s premier telecommunications service provider, demonstrate the world’s first IP RAN based inter-site carrier aggregation (CA) for LTE-Advanced at the 2015 Mobile World Congress (MWC), with the maximum data rates of 300Mbps. This solution utilizes Huawei’s unique inter-site CA solution, based on IP RAN backhaul. It aggregates 2 bands to bear LTE services, which greatly expands the CA coverage, creating a better mobile broadband experience. Subscribers are able to enjoy HD video and download files wherever they may be.
NEWS | FEB 28, 2015|Leading Evolution in VoLTE, Huawei Secures 35 New Worldwide VoLTE Contracts in 2014|Huawei today announced that, as of the end of 2014, it had successfully secured 35 new VoLTE contracts, of which three networks have already been put into commercial use. Leading innovation in the VoLTE space, Huawei’s unique value offerings in true cloud-formation technology, easy deployment, and new services beyond voice are enabling operators to smoothly evolve 2G/3G voice services to 4G LTE.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2015|Huawei Introduces World’s First Traffic Trading Platform at Mobile World Congress 2015|Huawei today announced that it will introduce the world’s first traffic trading platform at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015 as part of its vision “Open ROADS to a Better Connected World.” The new traffic trading platform is designed to enable operators to transition to a business-to-business (B2B) backward operational model which targets enterprises, as well as fully monetize their traffic assets.
NEWS | FEB 27, 2015|Huawei, EE and Qualcomm Demonstrate 400Mbps Superfast Wireless Connection at Wembley Stadium|Huawei today announced they have teamed with EE and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM), to demonstrate LTE category 9 wireless, achieving download speeds of more than 400Mbps in a live test in Wembley Stadium, UK.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2015|Huawei Releases Intelligent Modular Data Center Solution at MWC 2015|Huawei today announced that it will introduce its new Intelligent Modular Data Center Solution at MWC 2015. Adopting an integrated modular design, the solution features the advantages of easy installation and maintenance, rapid deployment, and capacity expansion for IT enterprise customers.
NEWS | FEB 26, 2015|Huawei announces Business Enabling System|Huawei announces BES (Business Enabling System), a new generation framework of products and solutions to assist CSPs to grow and manage an open and interoperable digital ecosystem. BES is a holistic framework which aims to solve the flexibility, scalability, ease of integration, and digital capabilities needed to deliver fast-time to market, superior customer experience, and drive digital services innovation for both consumer and business markets.
NEWS | FEB 25, 2015|Huawei Unveils New 5G-Oriented Air Interface Technologies|Huawei today announced that it will reveal a series of new 5G-oriented air interface technologies at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2015|Huawei Drives Transformation of ICT Industry with the Vision Open ROADS to a Better Connected World|At its Pre-MWC Analyst and Media Briefing held today in London, Huawei unveiled its vision for the ICT industry – Open ROADS to a Better Connected World – and announced a line-up of innovative new ICT products and initiatives. As an industry-leading strategic partner for telecom operators, Huawei aims to help its customers thrive in a fully digitized world through the implementation of comprehensive ICT solutions towards the development of an open and healthy industry ecosystem.
NEWS | FEB 24, 2015|Huawei Outlines 4.5G Business Blueprint Opens Mobile Industry in Next Five Years|At its Pre-Mobile World Congress briefing for analysts and media held in London today, Huawei further outlined its 4.5G strategy and supporting technologies. The briefing showcased the latest industry applications for 4.5G, and speakers outlined their vision of a 4.5G “business blueprint" for mobile operators in the near future. The event built on Huawei's initial 4.5G announcement unveiled in late October 2014, where the company highlighted the need for a further evolution of the LTE standard prior to 5G becoming a commercial reality. As a strategic industry leading partner for telecom operators, Huawei supports operators in expanding their business, improving the user experience and promoting new industries through 4.5G.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2015|Huawei Announces World’s First L-Band Antenna Supporting Ultra Wide Band and Multi Band|Huawei today announced release of the world’s first L-band antenna supporting Ultra Wide Band (UWB) and multi band. In addition to the major frequency bands at 700/800/900/1800/2100/2600MHz, the new antenna will enable deployment of the 1500MHz band.
NEWS | FEB 18, 2015|Huawei Introduces World’s First 16nmFinFET ARM64 Based Networking Processor, Nova|Huawei today introduced the world’s first 16nmFinFET ARM64 based networking processor, Nova, which will be displayed at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2015 in Barcelona.
NEWS | FEB 17, 2015|Huawei Announces New Head of Honor Business|Huawei today announced that Mr. Jeff Liu has tendered his resignation as President of the Huawei Honor Brand, Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG), and will be leaving the company within the first half of 2015. Mr. Zhao Ming, Vice President of Huawei’s Western Europe Region, has been named as Mr. Liu’s replacement and the two will work closely together over the coming months to ensure a smooth leadership transition.
NEWS | FEB 13, 2015|Huawei and StarHub in commercial trial of Huawei’s LampSite Solution|Huawei today announced that it has started the commercial trial of its LampSite indoor coverage solution with local mobile operator StarHub at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands. The solution, enabling StarHub to combine the use of its existing frequency spectrum on both 1800 and 2600 MHz bands on a single platform to achieve a peak throughput rates of up to 300Mbps. Besides enabling multi-mode/band operation on a single pRRU platform, the LampSite solution also utilises cutting-edge MIMO and LTE-A technologies and is capable of supporting 2x20 MHz LTE carriers and Wi-Fi.
NEWS | FEB 10, 2015|Huawei announces state-of-the-art Research & Development (R&D) campus in Bangalore|Huawei today announced the launch of its new Research & Development campus situated in Bangalore. Huawei is proud to dedicate this state-of-the art R&D campus to India as a part of its commitment to contribute to Indian government’s flag-ship agenda "Make in India".
NEWS | FEB 06, 2015|AIS Teams Up with Huawei for Fastest 3G Technology Trial|Huawei, Qualcomm and Thailand AIS, successfully tested the 3-Carrier High-Speed Downlink Packet Access (3C-HSDPA) and the Dual-Carrier High-Speed Uplink Packet Access (DC-HSUPA) on a commercial network in Bangkok. The peak rate of the 3G network increased to 63 Mbps (Downlink) and 11Mbps (Uplink). Thailand AIS has become the first mobile operator to successfully test the world’s fastest 3G technology in Southeast Asia.
NEWS | FEB 06, 2015|Huawei to expand investment in South Africa, increase local staff by 50% in next five years|Secretary General of the African National Congress, Gwede Mantashe, visited Huawei headquarters today for talks with Huawei Senior Vice President Dafeng Li on deepening cooperation in building out South Africa’s national telecommunications network and ICT infrastructure.
NEWS | FEB 06, 2015|InnoApps winners hack their way to the ultimate smart city apps|The best apps for smarter cities were selected at the final event of the InnoApps contest in Brussels yesterday. The winning teams of young app developers from Europe and China, chosen at a live pitching session following a two-day hackathon, receive cash prizes and mentoring to commercialise their app.
NEWS | FEB 05, 2015|Huawei Container Data Center Ranks Number One Globally for Market Share Shipments in IHS Report|Huawei has ranked joint first for containerized data centers based on unit shipments worldwide with a global market share estimated at 11%, according to IHS Technology (IHS). Huawei’s Container Data Center (CDC) is an industry leader in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific (APAC) regions.
NEWS | FEB 05, 2015|Huawei Launches World-Class NFV Open Lab to Lead the NFV Era|Huawei today announced the launch of its new, state-of-the-art Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) open lab in Xi’an, China, dedicated to developing multi-vendor integration verification capabilities, expanding joint service innovations with customers, partners, industrial organizations and open source organizations and accelerating development of the open eco-system for NFV infrastructure, platforms and services. Global leading operators and partners, including China Mobile, VMware, Red Hat, Canonical and Linux Foundation attended the launch ceremony. These efforts mark a key step to realizing Huawei's future-oriented open SoftCOM architecture.
NEWS | FEB 04, 2015|Huawei and China Mobile Complete World’s First Uplink CA Field Test|China Mobile and Huawei jointly completed the world’s first uplink CA (Carrier Aggregation) field testing and validation using Jiangsu Mobile’s commercial network. The test included uplink CA and 64QAM (Quadrature Amplitude Modulation) and the report showed a 180% increase in uplink rate, which could greatly enhance the user experience when using upload services. This validation effectively demonstrates uplink CA’s performance in a live network environment and brings it one step closer towards actual commercialization.
NEWS | FEB 04, 2015|Huawei and Vålerenga Fotball Announce Two-Year Sponsorship Deal|Huawei today announced that it has become the main sponsor and official partner of Norwegian football team Vålerenga Fotball AS. The two-year partnership includes sponsorship, exclusive offers, content and brand presence during Vålerenga's matches, as well as promotion through the club's digital and social media platforms.
NEWS | FEB 03, 2015|Huawei and China Unicom Deploy the World’s First Atom Router for Commercial Use|Huawei and China Unicom Guangdong Branch (Guangdong Unicom) announced today deployment of the world’s first Atom Router for commercial use. The deployment, which utilizes the Huawei Intelligent Perception solution, will help Guangdong Unicom build industry-leading bearer networks to deliver optimized mobile service experiences to users.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2015|Zain Kuwait and Huawei Confirm Plans to Launch Commercial LTE-Advanced Network|At the Global Mobile Broadband Forum currently taking place in London, Zain Kuwait, the leading telecommunications provider in Kuwait, in collaboration with technology partner Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, jointly announced plans to launch a commercial LTE-Advanced (LTE-A) network in Kuwait.
NEWS | FEB 02, 2015|Ukkoverkot and Huawei to Deploy World’s First Commercial LTE 450MHz Network in Finland|Ukkoverkot, a mobile service provider in Finland, and Huawei, a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, today announced that they have signed a contract to deploy the world’s first commercial LTE 450MHz network on the LTE 450MHz Global event in Amsterdam.
NEWS | JAN 30, 2015|Huawei Mate7 Awarded "Smartphone Best New Arrival" in Hurun Best of the Best Awards 2015|Huawei’s large screen flagship smartphone, Mate7, was presented with the "Smartphone Best New Arrival" award at the Eleventh Hurun Best of the Best Awards ceremony in Shanghai. At the event, which sees awards presented to over 100 luxury brands, from car to watches, and fashion brands to jewelers, jet and yacht, luxury properties, private banking. Huawei Mate7 was recognized for its increasing importance as Huawei’s "most rapid-growing, popular, and fast selling smartphone."
NEWS | JAN 29, 2015|Huawei Highlights Focus on Collaboration and Innovation at CeBIT Press Preview 2015|Huawei today announced its plans to showcase the latest ICT solutions at CeBIT, the world’s largest IT trade fair, at the CeBIT Press Preview 2015. During the five day conference that will take place in March, Huawei will present a series of innovative products and services which have been developed to help enterprises across different industries address challenges in the new digital age. In particular, Huawei will share its perspectives on ICT trends through various forums, keynote speeches and panel discussions with experts from around the world.
NEWS | JAN 28, 2015|Huawei Extends Managed Services with Nigeria Bharti Airtel|Huawei today announced it has extended its strategic partnership with Nigeria Bharti Airtel (Airtel) by expanding the managed services coverage to the capital city Abuja and surrounding federal territory. The extension will improve network quality and enhance the Airtel customer experience in the region.
NEWS | JAN 27, 2015|Huawei Consumer Business Group Announces 2014 Financial Performance|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) today announced its 2014 financial performance. Total sales revenue increased 30% year-on-year to USD 12.2 billion, crossing the 10 billion mark for the first time. Shipment grew by 7.8% to a total of 138 million devices in 2014, including 75 million smartphones, representing a year-on-year increase of 45%.
NEWS | JAN 27, 2015|Huawei Awarded 'Extraordinary Contribution to Project Spring' Prize by Vodafone|Huawei today announced that it has been awarded 'Extraordinary Contribution to Project Spring' at Vodafone's 2014 Supplier Awards.
NEWS | JAN 26, 2015|Huawei chair Sun Yafang meets Belgian King Philippe at the Davos forum|Huawei Chairwoman of the Board, Sun Yafang, and King Philippe of Belgium met on January 22 at the World Economic Forum in Davos, where they discussed issues related to information and communications technology (ICT) and Huawei’s contribution to the Belgian ICT industry.
NEWS | JAN 21, 2015|Proximus and Huawei kick off innovation partnership to enhance digital experience for operator customers in Belgium|Huawei and Proximus today launched a strategic partnership aimed at improving the quality, availability and agility of digital services through the development of joint innovation capabilities and the deployment of innovative technological solutions across the network. With the joint aim of building a better mobile experience in Belgium, the partnership will see the creation of a flexible framework that will enable partners to improve their ability to respond to rapidly changing data and voice traffic needs from customers.
NEWS | JAN 16, 2015|Huawei Responds to Flood Situation in Malaysia|Huawei Malaysia today announced a joint multi-faceted program with Telekom Malaysia Berhad (TM) and Celcom Axiata Berhad, to provide support for disaster relief and recovery efforts for the families and communities affected by one of the decade’s worst floods in the eastern coast of Malaysia.
NEWS | JAN 15, 2015|Huawei Marine Second Generation Repeater and Branching Unit Achieves Successful Sea Trial in the Atlantic Ocean|Huawei Marine, a global submarine network provider, today announced the successful completion of sea trials for its second-generation Repeater, RPT 1660 R2, and Branching Unit, BU 1650 R2.
NEWS | JAN 13, 2015|Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa Meets with Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping|Huawei Rotating CEO Guo Ping met with Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa Delgado in Beijing. The two parties exchanged views on further cooperation in youth training programs, communication networks, and ICT construction.
NEWS | JAN 13, 2015|Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou Says Huawei Created Customer Value and Maintained Effective Growth in 2014|Huawei today announced that it maintained effective growth in 2014 thanks to its commitment to creating value for customers. Global sales revenue in 2014 is expected to reach between CNY287-289 billion, an increase of nearly 20% year-on-year.
NEWS | JAN 13, 2015|Huawei Successfully Deploys Agile Stadium Solution in Russia’s Spartak Stadium|Huawei today announced the successful deployment of its Agile Stadium Solution in Spartak Stadium in Moscow. With the solution, the stadium has been modernized to efficiently deliver high-density, high-security wireless broadband Internet access to fans, and also ensure a direct link between stadium operators/sports clubs and fans for enhanced services such as|direct ordering of food and drinks to fan seats, sales of tickets and goods, seat and parking navigation, and so forth.
NEWS | JAN 09, 2015|Ukko Networks demonstrates TDD LTE-A in Helsinki, aiming to build the fastest network in Europe|Ukko Networks, a mobile data operator in Finland, announced the successful completion of a TDD LTE-A demonstration in their Helsinki lab based on a 2.6GHz band. The demonstration showed a peak throughput of over 507Mbps, which is currently the fastest in Europe.
NEWS | JAN 08, 2015|Huawei Releases Innovative Dual-beam Antenna Solution Enhancing Network Capacity for Operators|Huawei has recently released an innovative dual-beam antenna solution which allows simple and efficient deployment of 6-sector networks for operators. The solution has already been deployed by AIS Thailand and improved capacity by 70%.
NEWS | JAN 08, 2015|Huawei and Omlet Announce Partnership to Bring Open Social Platform to Huawei Devices|Huawei and Omlet, a spinoff from Stanford University to create an open social ecosystem, jointly announced their partnership today at CES 2015.
NEWS | JAN 07, 2015|Huawei Showcases Full-Range of Integrated Mobile Offerings at CES 2015|Huawei Consumer Business Group (BG) today showcased more than one hundred products at CES 2015 including its latest flagship smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, mobile access devices, home access devices, smart home devices, OTT and vehicle-mounted modules. The company also introduced the start of the Hilink era - its strategy to offer fully integrated mobile internet solutions to consumers all around the world – as part of its commitment to bringing the latest technology to consumers and creating extraordinary connected experiences for people everywhere.
